accarea: Company codes are necessary to be able to plan on time, for example, for external warehouses, independent of local stock levels. All logistical and MRP movements and quantities by company code are recorded separately in sub-monitors. It is therefore possible to view the entire process per company code. A company code can be attached to any business object such as a warehouse or a cost centre. When a document is posted, the system determines whether a company code must be used for posting. If this is the case, the company code is posted separately in addition to the global posting. The company code, which can be created via the master data, must be assigned to an object (warehouse) for which it is to apply. Usually these are warehouses that are to be managed via a separate company code, perhaps independently of the actual warehouse/stock. On the company code, it is possible to specify whether the stock quantity or the requirements should appear in the total account of the part or not (joint or separate parts disposition - requirements stock lists). For more information, see "Detailed information on company codes" and the information on domains. Input window: This window is used to edit company codes. List window: This window is used to list the company codes. Selection window: This window is used to select company codes. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. Module name: cxAccountingArea.mod. Classes: CX_ACCOUNTING_AREA. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: accountingAreaEdit.app. Classes: CX_ACCOUNTING_AREA. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: accountingAreaList.app. Classes: CX_ACCOUNTING_AREA. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: accountingAreaSelect.app. Classes: CX_ACCOUNTING_AREA.