alocitem: This module displays all uses of a part in parts lists. By means of a filter, the user can choose whether he wants to see a usage of the part in order-specific production parts lists or in master parts lists. A further option is the display of a usage in sales parts lists. This includes the use of sales articles, spare parts or service units as individual parts in sales sets (not to be confused with the sales set role of a part). This module is intended as a technical aid. Related to this are the modules parts consumption (intended for use by logistics) and parts use (intended for use by service/sales). If you generally want to evaluate the use or non-use of a part in a certain period, you can do this by means of an inspection run. Validity and exchange objects It is also possible to indicate the use of the exchange objects for parts that become invalid and have one or more exchange objects. If the checkbox "Also consider exchange objects" is checked, every use of each exchange object is automatically displayed. By simple selection in the list of exchange objects it is possible to display the uses of individual exchange objects. A multiple selection is possible. If all objects are to be displayed again, either select all exchange objects or check the box "Also consider exchange objects". All entries will then lose their selections and all objects will be displayed. Use of parts with exchange object: {img type="fileId" fileId="358" thumb="box" width="100%"} The parts list item points to part AS, which was valid until 29.11.2020. This part will be replaced by part AS2 from 30.11.2020. However, part AS2 itself has no connection to the BOM item, so that no entries would be displayed in the part usage without exchange objects. In order to be able to display the parts list nevertheless, the possibility was created to display the parts usage of the exchange objects in the parts usage (arrow from part AS2 to parts usage of part AS). {img type="fileId" fileId="360" thumb="box" width="100%"} In the parts usage, all exchange objects are listed in a list. By ticking the standard checkbox "Also consider exchange objects", the part usages of all exchange objects visible in this list are also displayed. The exchange objects in the list can also be selected individually; only the part uses for the selected objects are then displayed. List window: When the display window is called up for the first time, the filter "Production master data" is set as standard. A double click on an entry in the list shows the occurrence(s) of the part in BOM items: if a part is used from several master BOM items, a list of these BOM items is displayed. A double click on one of these entries navigates directly to this master BOM item. If a usage is clicked from an order, the order-specific production parts list opens. The context menu for navigating can be called up from a list entry using the right mouse button: here too, the occurrence of the part in parts lists (analogous to double-clicking, see above) or the corresponding user of the parts list, i.e. the production role of a part, can be reached. Module name: alocitem.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION.