attrcbag: A conditional attribute determines the value of the wrapped data field using a conditional table. This conditional table determines the possible values (characteristics) of the attribute. The conditional table is only evaluated at the time of the conditional attribute query. Only then the entries (conditions) of the table are calculated. As with the evaluation of each condition (=formula) in ClassiX®, it may happen that the conditions contain variables that are not automatically found by the system. Therefore, when creating these conditions (table entries), you should make sure that the conditional attribute is later used in a context in which the conditions can be evaluated. Or in the conditional attribute the flag "ignore non-determinable/calculable condition" is set, i.e. such conditions are simply ignored. The conditional table can be tested directly in the input window, the required variables are then interactively queried by the system. (see menu item "Test conditional attribute" or corresponding button) For general information on processing conditional tables, please refer to Tables. With the special menu item (>>Edit>Conditional Tables>Rows>>) "Fill with Attribute Table" you can have exactly one row created for each table entry of the attribute set for the column for a newly created conditional attribute that has only one column and one attribute with a global table set there. Only the results must be edited manually. Conditions can also be taken from another conditional attribute. To do this you have to open the attribute from which you want to copy the conditions, call the copy buffer and move the desired conditions into the copy buffer. In the attribute to be extended the conditions can now be dropped into the table. New table entries are then created with the dropped conditions and an empty result. The result type results from the type of the conditioned attribute and possibly the result type of the first table entry, if it exists. You can find more information in the topic Features. Attention: Attribute values are only supported in the formulas up to a maximum of 100 characters!. Nested conditions: ClassiX® offers the possibility to nest conditions, i.e. to create the condition within the condition. This is not necessary, but it can make the maintenance of attributes clearer and thus more secure, as not all possible combinations have to be maintained in one single table. The following example shows how multi-level tables can be created from a single-level table. Note: Nested tables can only be defined for attributes that do not represent a character string. Input window: This window is used to maintain the conditional attribute. List window: Serves to list the attribute objects. Module name: attrcedt.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITIONED_ATTRIBUTES. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrcsel.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITIONED_ATTRIBUTES.