attribut: There are three attribute types in ClassiX®: Preset material characteristic Calculated material characteristic Conditional material characteristic You can find more information in the topic Features. Input window: This window is used to maintain the attributes. It varies for the three attribute types, but behaves almost the same. Note: Characteristics are clearly defined via the data field. Therefore, each data field should only be used once, otherwise unwanted results may occur when integrating the attributes within the quotation and order items. List window: Serves to list the attribute objects. Selection window: This window is used to select an attribute object. Module name: attribute.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attriedt.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrcedt.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITIONED_ATTRIBUTES. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrfedt.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrsedt.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrisel.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrcsel.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITIONED_ATTRIBUTES. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrfsel.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: attrise2.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. >. Module name: attrssel.mod. Classes: CX_ATTRIBUTE.