autoplst: The demand/inventory list (short: B&B list) offers two modes/options of demand/inventory evaluation: 1. during the date control, requirement coverage documents (planned goods receipts) are analysed with regard to their existence and the replenishment time of the part. Thus, it can be checked whether the stock becomes negative at all or within the respective replenishment time. In such a case, requirement requests for purchased parts or stock orders for production parts can be generated directly from the list. 2. inventory control involves analysing the stocks available today (total stock of a part as of today) and the balance of future movements (balance of all stock reservations, orders, production orders, etc.) This analysis is supported by rules (formulas). These rules include evaluations for e.g. lists of slow-moving items, test runs for parts with negative stock, negative order or production quantity and, of course, balanced minimum stock underruns. This evaluation is available in a time-aggregated form as a requirements/stock overview . The requirements and stock list can also be called up for individual company codes. Schedule control: Mode in which the possible minimum stock underrun is displayed and explained for each part. The corresponding cover documents, which are used to restore the stock level, are also analysed here in relation to the planned dates. Compile a list: a) Mark the field "Date control" (this resets formula windows). b) Make a selection in the Date check field ("strict", "medium" or "soft", see also MRP account) As the planned date ("per date") can also be specified as a time span, this specification determines where these dates can move within the time span. (see QM tests) {img type="fileId" fileId="362" thumb="box" width="100%"} In the case of requirements from part requirements (departure date), the planned date is made up of the earliest and latest start, which also results in a time span. With the evaluation type "Strict", the earliest date of this time span is always used for the evaluation, with the setting "Medium" exactly the middle and with "Soft" the end of the time span, i.e. there is the least buffer for the real demand. If planning (e.g. stock replenishment) is to be carried out with a certain buffer time, the setting "Medium" is recommended, which is also set in this way in the standard system. If there is little space in the warehouse or if the warehouse budget is to be kept as low as possible, the setting "Soft" is recommended, whereby planning is always carried out on the actual demand date. "Strict" thus means that the goods are always procured at the earliest possible date and may also lie in the warehouse for some time until they are needed, depending on how large the buffer times of the requirements were. c) Select stock underruns This indicates which underruns one would like to have listed. You can select underruns of the stock level (Neg.), small minimum stock (Min.), small reorder level (Meld.) and larger maximum stock (Max.). For example, you can ignore negative underruns in order to analyse only the underruns of the minimum and reorder levels. {img type="fileId" fileId="364" thumb="box" width="100%"} When checking the minimum stock level and the reorder level, the current stock plus an order item is taken into account which is in the first position of the planning and is to be delivered within the replenishment lead time. d) Define the underrun type of the above underrun: The first underrun of one of the previously selected underrun types is output immediately or only the "most serious" underrun is returned. The sequence of the check is as follows: less than zero, less than minimum stock, less than reorder point, greater than maximum stock. {img type="fileId" fileId="366" thumb="box" width="100%"} If Selection is set to "First shortfall" and the first thing to do is to fall below the reorder point or fall below it, possible negative stocks are not taken into account. In the other case ("most serious undercut"), on the other hand, this negative stock level and the following cover note are analysed. e) Define period preview (factor replenishment time): An empty field at"replenishment time x" displays all shortfalls of the above selected stocks. If you only want to see the underruns within the "simple" replenishment lead time of the respective part, enter a 1 in this field. For double time enter 2, etc. The basis for the check is always today's date, which is added for the preview with the replenishment lead time multiplied by the factor specified here. Example: f) Select parts (see above). Since the B&B list in the actual sense refers to the availability of the stocked parts, one should also make the appropriate selection here. {img type="fileId" fileId="368" thumb="box" width="100%"} Alternatively, it is also possible to drop parts and structures into the list window and thus start the stock control. When dropping a structure, all parts below the structure node are transferred to the B&B list, no matter in which sublevel they are located. You can select the parts to be ordered in the list and generate a requirement request (stock requirement) with the requirement quantities, which you can then still change ("Enter new requirement request" and "Extend requirement request" buttons). You can also create stock orders for production parts from the list. Stock control: For each part, MRP and stock balances are displayed and the total available quantity is calculated (available quantity today = stock on hand, total available quantity = stock after total MRP = closing balance in the MRP account). Compile a list: a) Select formula via the filter: select one of the requirement formulas defined in the master data(master formulas whose name begins with "DEMAND_") or manually enter any formula expression in the "Formula" field. Then only the parts for which the formula result is "True" (1) will be displayed in the list. When changing the formula later, the quantity of parts to be checked remains the same, i.e. all parts that corresponded to the part search in a previous run are taken into account again. b) Select parts: Press the search button and make a selection; then the stock control is carried out for the parts selected in this way. If parts have already been displayed, the list is deleted first. The selection of parts can be limited as much as possible by using the corresponding window. Alternatively, it is also possible to drop parts and structures into the list window and thus start the stock check. When dropping a structure, all parts below the structure node are transferred to the B&B list, no matter in which sublevel they are located. Calculation of the available quantity: Calculation of the required quantity: You can select the parts to be ordered in the list and generate a requirement request (stock requirement) with the requirement quantities, which you can then still change ("Enter new requirement request" and "Extend requirement request" buttons). You can also create stock orders for production parts from the list. Create purchase orders from the B&B list:: If one or more items are marked in the list and the button "Create new order" is pressed, these marked items will be sorted by the main suppliers of the parts. So the main supplier (A-supplier) of the part is used for the price determination of the parts. If no supplier has been entered for a part, the price defined by default in the order item role is used. For more information on pricing, see here. In the parts list, new columns "U-type/quantity", "U-date/document" and "U-order" are displayed with the following information:. Create requisition from stock/requirements list.: You can generate a requirement coverage request directly from the stock/requirements list by selecting the relevant lines in the list and clicking on 'Create new requirement coverage request'. The window of the last requirement request item opens automatically. In the window 'Requirement request' all marked items are listed. You can add further items from the stock/requirements list via 'Extend requirement coverage request'. Once you have finished your entries, you can decide whether or not the requisition must be approved by ticking the box before approval. With 'Book' the requirement request is forwarded. Purchase parts with own provision: No BA can be generated for purchased parts with internal provision, but a stock order must be created: Since for purchased parts with internal provision some parts - defined in the supplier agreement of the ordered part - must be sent to the supplier for the order, a requirement coverage request cannot simply be created for parts that are marked in the logistics account as "purchased part with internal provision". A purchase order or production order may first have to be created for the parts to be provided. The purchase order is therefore dependent on the parts to be provided. In order to control this logistical process, a stock order must be created for these parts , from which a parts request is then created. The requirement request for the order part is then created from the part request when the parts are released. Attention: In the logistics account of the purchased part with self-supply, it is defined which possible suppliers there are for this provided part. If more than one is selected, the explosion of the parts list is cancelled at the generated stock order. When creating the parts request, a message appears informing you that the supplier from whom the purchased part is to be purchased with in-house provision must be specified on the exploded production parts list. You will find further information on the subject of supplies on the following pages:. Quality assurance: Check B&B list.doc To test the B&B list, you should prepare a part with the desired settings. Using the external dispositions, you can then easily simulate documents that lead to a shortfall in stocks and cover documents and thus check the correct evaluation of the B&B list. Scenario 1: Replacement time x: "" -> All documents are taken into account. The cover document is classified as "too late". 1 -> All receipts within the replenishment lead time are taken into account. Thus only the demand on 2.8. is reported. The cover document is also not displayed. 2 -> All documents are taken into account. The cover document is classified as "too late". Return priority: First -> Regardless of the replenishment time, the shortfall of the reorder point on 2.8. is always displayed. Schl.-> If the period of the replenishment lead time is considered, the shortfall of the reorder level is displayed. For all other periods ("", replenishment lead time * 2, 3, .) the negative stock is reported. Scenario 2: Select type of analysis: Strict -> If the analysis type is set to "strict", the latest possible date for cover documents of the cover document is always selected, i.e. 1.8. Thus, we run into the negative on withdrawal and the cover is classified as too late. Soft -> The earliest possible date for cover documents is always selected. Thus, part is not displayed in the B&B list, as there is no stock shortfall. Info: For documents that reduce the stock, the date is set exactly the other way round. Thus, for the setting "soft", the end of the period is always assumed and the beginning for the setting "strict". Scenario 3: (WEEinkauf 29) Type of analysis: Strict -> Monday is assumed for the requirements document. Thus, the coverage must also take place on Monday so that the B&B list is clean. Medium -> The time specifications are naturally compared with each other. Thus, a negative stock is displayed if the coverage has not taken place by Wednesday (16.7.). Soft -> The B&B list is always clean as long as the coverage takes place in the corresponding calendar week. Module name: autopure.mod. Classes: CX_ITEM.