batcerr: Some data operations are below the visible range, which prevents error messages from being output directly to the user. In ClassiX®, these errors are collected in monitors provided for this purpose and can be clearly accessed and managed/corrected by the user. Input window: This window is used to maintain the suppressed errors that have occurred in ClassiX® due to so-called batch runs or processes that are executed in the background. Batch runs are database operations, where a large amount of data is processed without the user being able to interactively influence it. Information or error messages are stored as suppressed errors during these operations and can be checked and processed afterwards. Incorrect data should and can be corrected so that the same error does not occur again in the next run. The error monitors are divided into the respective database operations. For example, there are various database operations for post-calculation, such as loading the goods withdrawal costs. All errors of this run then appear in an error monitor, which is called "goods withdrawal costs". The document that could not be scanned is added to a collection on the error monitor with the corresponding error message. Display: All receipts can be viewed via the "Receipts" list in the input window. In the list the documents are displayed with their type, document number, error date+time, error category and error description. Further processing: 1. error correction and recalculation The error category indicates the cause of the error to the user. If a document now contains the error message "No costs for the production part", the toolbar button "Edit production part" can be used to jump directly to the production part roll for the item and add the price here. If the error has been eliminated, the position in the list can be marked and the button "Recalculate" above the list can be pressed. The item is then first booked out of the post-calculation exactly as it was booked in before and then booked in again with newly determined data. 2. add position value Via the context menu of the list you can select the menu item "Add position value". There you have the possibility to assign a new value to the document item without changing the values in the order part or production part. 3. ignore document The "Ignore document" button can be used to exclude the document from any kind of further processing from which the error occurred. It remains in its state and is always ignored afterwards. Add position value: This window allows you to manually enter values for the document. Depending on the logistics concentration point, the production or purchased part values appear. Receipts can only be posted to the post-calculation with costs. If a voucher is not to be taken into account for costing, it must be edited by clicking the "Ignore" button (see above). Edit period: Up to a certain period, the functions "Recalculate" and "Ignore" can be executed on the documents in the selected error monitor. List window: This window serves to list the suppressed errors that can occur in ClassiX®. A red dot is displayed in the list if the monitor contains unprocessed errors. Module name: batcerr.mod. Classes: CX_BATCH_ERROR_MONITOR.