canceltxn: The reversal document is generated as a successor to a document. It enables the partial or complete cancellation of this document. At the moment the reversal document supports the following documents: inventory, part request, exploded parts list items. internal order and order items (partial quantities). The document is therefore primarily used to cancel a partial quantity from a parts request, an order or advance requirements, regardless of the processing status of these. In addition, it is possible to document a cancellation (who, when, why) and to take it back again. Document to be reversed Description Inventory No further changes can be made to a cancelled inventory. If the inventory was already posted before the cancellation, this posting is reversed. Part requirements Resolved BOM item internal order Order items (subset) The remaining quantity of the item must be greater than zero and must be greater than or equal to the quantity already staged, delivered or invoiced. If a part request is behind the item, it is also cancelled. Items that have already been produced or delivered are stopped and can be processed further in change management. If it is a dispositive purchased part, i.e. there is a requisition or purchase order directly behind the item, this is checked and if these quantities are too large, a warning message is displayed. The following are documents that can be removed from the DISPO account with the correction document: Document to be corrected Description Part requirements without successor The parts request will be marked as provided without making a further booking. This removes these items from the DISPO account. Only part requests without successors can be corrected in this way. If a successor is available, the document must be cancelled! Goods receipt Goods receipts that are not to be put into storage or returned. When corrected, the goods receipt is set to the status "provided" and is thus removed from the DISPO account. Goods receipts that have a parts request with the status "stopped" as a predecessor cannot be entered with the correction document. These must be stored or cancelled via the closing / change management. Input window: This window is for maintaining cancellation documents. List window: This window lists all cancellation documents in the machine. Selection window: This window is used to select cancellation documents. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. Module name: cxCancelTxn.mod. Classes: CX_CANCEL_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cancelTxnEdit.app. Classes: CX_CANCEL_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cancelTxnList.app. Classes: CX_CANCEL_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cancelTxnSelect.app. Classes: CX_CANCEL_TXN.