cashdisc: In ClassiX® payment terms can belong to both purchase and sale. Input window: This window is used to maintain payment terms. You can select a term of payment by entering the required number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". If no counter is set up in ClassiX®, enter a key of your choice, such as a number or an abbreviation, in the field 'Payment terms key'. Then select a meaningful short description for the field 'short name'. Via the field 'Documents' you can determine whether the payment term can only be used for delivery notes, invoices/credit notes or for both. With 'OK' the terms of payment are stored temporarily Via the menu item 'Edit - Discount rate - Insert -.' you can select the form in which the terms of payment are to be created. A distinction is made between the three types shown above. You can test the calculation of the cash discount amounts via the menu item 'Edit - Test payment terms' or the corresponding button. (The buttons and in the margin are used to re-sort the entries) By double-clicking on the 'Description' field, you can display the payment terms in a complete text in an OLE object via MS-Word. This can then be shown in the order confirmation, invoice, credit note etc. Please do not forget to save each new stand with 'OK' or 'Save payment terms'. If you wish to revise an existing payment term, you can select the relevant payment term by double-clicking on it in the 'Payment Terms/Sales' search window. In the window that opens, the exact description of the payment term is stored and you can now revise all the details. In the description field, in the lower part of the mask, the payment term is displayed as it is printed in an order confirmation, invoice, credit note, etc. Double-click on the field to open MS Word, where you can change the text if necessary. List window: Serves to list the payment conditions. Selection window: Use this window to select a payment term. Module name: cashdisc.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DISCOUNT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cashdedt.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DISCOUNT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cashdsel.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DISCOUNT.