cashDeposit: The cash book is used to record the expenditure/receipts of a cash office. You can create as many cash registers as you wish, and keep a record of their respective stock. Cash vouchers can be immediately assigned to an account when they are entered, but it is important to keep the cash balance correct. A cash balance is done in 2 steps: first a cash report is created, whereby their cash receipts are removed from the current cash book. The cash documents of a cash report can be changed afterwards only with regard to their period or account assignment. In the second step a cash report can then be transferred to the financial accounting. The cash documents of a cash report posted in financial accounting cannot be changed. Cash book entry, cash invoice, cash sale: The standard case of a cash book transaction is a cash book entry, which consists of a transaction description, a revenue/expenditure amount and, if applicable, a tax value. If you want to put brackets around several cash book entries, this is a cash invoice. Cash invoices can be incoming and outgoing invoices. In the case of incoming invoices, for example the entry of a petrol station invoice for petrol and food, it is possible to enter the number of the invoice freely. Among other things, you can select a supplier as a partner. Then you can add the items to the cash invoice. This step hardly differs from the "normal" functionality of the cash book. The cash invoice becomes interesting when selling goods without open items, the so-called cash sale. When entering these invoices, the invoice number is automatically assigned via a separate number range. An invoice recipient does not have to be selected, but in addition to a customer created in ClassiX, it could also be a one-time customer whose data is only recorded in the invoice. Especially for the second case, it may be useful to select a price base group (price group, customer group, sales area). For cash sales invoices it is possible to specify a part and a quantity. Here, the stocked part or subparts must be indicated directly. The selection of a variant part is not possible, as this cannot be in stock. The sales price is determined automatically as revenue. After the cash invoice has been recorded, it can be printed and handed over to the customer. The second step is to create the stock removal so that the stock level correction can be carried out. This is done automatically via the menu "Further processing". As long as this step has not been carried out, it is not possible to generate the cash report. Main window: This window is used for the maintenance of account books. When a new cashbook is created for the first time, the fields of the Inventory group must be filled in and in the Settings tab, the appropriate G/L account of the cash register in Financial Accounting can be selected. List window: Serves to list all cash books kept in the system. Selection window: This window is used to select a specific cashbook object. Set balance carried forward: The balance carried forward / balance of the cash register can be set again. This should only be necessary if the wrong opening balance was entered when a cash book was first created. Otherwise, the (missing) balance of a cash register must always be adjusted via a posting. Cash voucher window: Window for entry/editing of a single cash voucher. Create cash report: The creation of a cash report from current cash documents can be called up via the main menu "Edit>Cash report>Create". Here, either selected documents can simply be printed, or documents up to a consecutive number can be transferred (closed and posted) as a cash report. The transfer of the cash vouchers into a new cash report may only take place in a continuous number range from the smallest number not transferred to the number to be entered. If the option "Selected items" is activated, no closing can be created. Cash report: Window for displaying the cash documents of a cash report. Even after the creation of a cash report - but only before the posting in the financial accounting - the cash report entries can be changed with regard to their account assignment, the change of an amount is no longer allowed at this point. Editing can be done either by double-clicking on a single entry or by selecting several entries, right-clicking and selecting "Account Assistant". In the latter case, changes can be made to the account assignment of individual entries, particularly by the financial accounting department, before posting a cash report. Edit cash report: Window for subsequent processing of a cash voucher that has already been converted into a cash report. The structure of the window corresponds to the entry window of a cash document, but only the period or the account assignment of the cash document can be changed. Edit cash report: Window for subsequent processing of a cash voucher that has already been converted into a cash report. The structure of the window corresponds to the entry window of a cash document, but only the period or the account assignment of the cash document can be changed. Account Assistant: With this window you can change the control key and/or its account assignment for several cash book entries in one. Depending on whether you want to change the control key, the account, the cost centre and/or the cost unit, you have to make the appropriate selection, choose the control key and/or the corresponding accounts and press the OK button. Recurring incidents: In order to facilitate the recording of frequently recurring cash transactions, you can copy any recorded cash voucher as a recurring cash voucher transaction. Cash invoice: Creation of a cash invoice / cash sales invoice. Module name: cdeposit.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DEPOSIT (pseudo-class). Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cdepoedt.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DEPOSIT (pseudo-class). Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cdeposel.mod. Classes: CX_CASH_DEPOSIT (pseudo-class).