ccacbstr: Cost centres can be directly subordinated to other cost centres, the entire structure is called an organisation chart. This module displays for each node of the organisation chart the current costs and planned costs (with variance in %) of the selected posting period (period costs) and the cumulative costs and cumulative planned costs (with variance in %) from the beginning of the fiscal year belonging to the posting period up to the specified accrual period - or optionally up to the end of the corresponding fiscal year. A period range can also be specified as the current posting period, e.g. for a quarterly evaluation. Costs can be posted to cost centres via financial accounting, via cost/service postings and via goods storage or removal. When goods are put away or removed from storage, they are posted for withdrawals for or receipts from cost centres together with the allocation cost element for storage stored in the client. If several company codes are assigned to a client, the cost centre evaluation can be called up for individual or cumulative for several company codes at the same time. This module can be called up for all cost centres in general (Controlling) or only for users who are responsible for cost centres. In the latter case, this user can only call up the costs of his and the subordinate cost centres. However, the costs themselves are only displayed to a limited extent, as they are only those costs whose cost elements are public. Both the controlling department and the cost centre managers can delegate an evaluation for a specific cost centre to any user using the functionality of saved lists. Even in this case, the evaluation can only be run to a limited extent for the cost centre (and its subordinate cost centres) once it has been transferred, it corresponds to the usage rights of a cost centre manager. Functionality: List window The left part of the window displays the selected organisation chart. Depending on how far this tree is expanded, the costs are displayed in the right part of the window. If this module is called up from the main menu, the top node(s) of the organisation chart is (are) displayed. When this module is called from the cost center balance application, the calling cost center is pre-selected. The tree structure can be expanded to display the subordinate cost centre nodes. From the left tree structure, you can also drop any node into the "Organigram" field (Drag&Drop), whereby it can be selected as the "top" node again. Then - only from this node on - the costs are displayed in the right list. Option window: All settings for the evaluation can be made here. Module name: ccacbstr.mod. Classes: CX_COST_CENTER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages.