condtion: Business conditions (conditions) are objects that extend the functionality of business objects in a certain way or define additional properties; compared to attributes, conditions combine more complex data structures. Business condition Warranty defines for example warranty period and number of shifts, business condition Freight - freight value, calculation type, G/L account and freight table. A distinction is made: Terms of payment (terms of payment, partial payment) Calculatory conditions or discounts and surcharges (discount, packaging surcharge, etc.) other conditions (pricing, delivery time, etc.). Text modules (text module) Terms of payment and text modules are described individually (see links above). All conditions (except text modules) are divided into two areas: Purchase and sales conditions:. Input window: This window is used to maintain business conditions. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Application of business conditions: Terms and conditions can be created and used at different levels. A quotation to a customer is used below as an example, but the principle is applicable to all types of documents e.g. supplier + purchase order etc. Terms and conditions can be created or inserted system-wide, at the customer's premises or directly with the offer. As a rule, terms and conditions of business are applied system-wide as they have general validity for the company. These can be, for example, the different payment methods of the company. It is also possible to create several similar business conditions. (e.g. payment target 30 days 3% discount, payment target 30 days 2% discount) The actual selection of which of these conditions will actually be applied is only made in the offer. These system-wide terms and conditions can now be used in various ways. These terms and conditions are referred to differently depending on the position of your use. Discount: In the field 'Name' you can enter a name for your new entry. Under short text you can choose between different types of discount. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. Via 'KA account', the current cost element plan of the financial accounting is called up, in which you can select an account, e.g. "granted discounts", to which the discount is to be posted on invoice retrieval. In the field 'Value' you can choose between 2 types of discount and 2 types of surcharge. The discount value can either be calculated as a percentage or as a € value. You can test the discount or surcharge function using the button shown and it is also possible to set a time limit for the validity. In the field 'Processing' you can decide by ticking the box whether the discount rate should not be shown on the later documents, whether the discount rate should be calculated from each individual value of goods or only once from the total value of the order. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you can open MS-Word with a double click and enter a text. To edit the different discount rates, simply double-click on the entry you wish to edit in the 'Discounts/Surcharges' search mask. The mask 'Discount/Surcharge - 15%' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. Packaging: In the field 'Name' you can enter a name or a number for your new entry. In the field 'Short text' the assignment surcharge % is already given. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. Via 'KA account' the current cost element plan of the financial accounting is called up, in which you can select an account, e.g. "packaging revenue", to which the packaging value is to be booked when the invoice is called up. In the field 'Value' you can choose between 2 types of discount and 2 types of surcharge. The surcharge value can either be calculated as a percentage or specified as a € value. In the field 'Processing' you can decide by ticking the box whether the surcharge rate should not be shown on the later documents, whether the surcharge rate should be calculated from each individual value of goods or only once from the total value of the order. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you can open MS-Word with a double click and enter a text. To edit the different surcharge rates, simply double-click on the entry you wish to edit in the 'Packaging conditions' search mask. The mask 'Packing condition 1000' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. Freight: In the field 'No.' you can enter a name or a running number for your new entry. In the field 'Short text' you can enter a short description of the new freight charge. In the field 'Documents' you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. If the freight is to be invoiced to the customer, you can control this with a check mark before free or not free. Via 'KA account', the current cost element plan of the financial accounting is called up, in which you can select an account, e.g. freight, to which the freight is to be posted on invoice retrieval. In the field 'Value' you can choose between 2 types of discount and 2 types of surcharge. The surcharge value can either be calculated as a percentage or specified as a € value. In the field 'Processing' you can decide by ticking the box whether the freight charge should not be shown on the later documents, whether the freight charge should be calculated from each individual value of goods or only once from the total value of the order. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you can open MS-Word with a double click and enter a text. You can test the discount or surcharge function using the button shown and it is also possible to set a time limit for the validity. To edit the various freight charges, simply double-click on the entry you wish to edit in the 'Freight charges' search mask. The mask 'Freight charge 0005' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. Pricing: In the field 'No.' you can, for example, assign a consecutive number for your new entry. In the field 'Short text' you can create a short description of the new pricing. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you can open MS-Word with a double click and enter a text. To edit the different price settings, simply double-click on the entry you want to edit in the search mask 'Price settings'. The mask 'Price setting 1000' will then open and you can now enter all the details. and save 'OK'. Shipping method: In the field 'No.' you can, for example, assign a consecutive number for your new entry. In the field 'short text' you can create a short description of the new shipping method. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you open MS-Word with a double click, and a text, e.g. shipping method: by forwarding agent, one-way packed, freight collect, uninsured, can be specified. To edit the different shipping methods, simply double-click on the entry you want to edit in the search mask 'shipping methods'. The mask 'Shipping method 0200' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. Warranty: In the field 'No.' you can, for example, assign a consecutive number for your new entry. In the field 'Short text' you can create a short description of the new warranty. In the field 'Warranty' you can enter a value for the warranty and in the field 'Shifts' you can choose from several shift specifications. This has no influence on calculations and is for information purposes only. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you open MS-Word with a double click, and a text, can predefine. To edit the different types of warranty, simply double-click on the entry you want to edit in the 'Warranties' search mask. The mask 'Warranty 1400' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. delivery time: In the field 'No.' you can, for example, assign a consecutive number for your new entry. In the field 'short text' you can create a short description of the new delivery time. In the field 'Delivery time' you can enter a value for the delivery time. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you open MS-Word with a double click, and a text, e.g. delivery time: approx. 4 weeks, subject to change after technical and commercial clarification can predefine. To edit the various texts for delivery times, simply double-click on the entry you wish to edit in the 'Delivery times' search mask. The mask 'Delivery time 0400' will then open and you can now change all the details and save them with 'OK'. Binding period: In the field 'No.' you can, for example, assign a consecutive number for your new entry. In the field 'Short text' you can create a meaningful short description of the new validity period. In the field 'Period of validity' you can enter a value for the period of validity. In the 'Receipts' field you can define the areas of use by ticking the boxes. After the intermediate storage with 'OK' the field 'Description' is released, in which you open MS-Word with a double click, and a text, can predefine. List window: Serves to list the terms and conditions. Selection window: This window is used to select a business requirement. Module name: condtion.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: condtedc.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: disccond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: freicond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: packcond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: citydt.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: bindcond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: delicond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: priccond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: shipcond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: warrcond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: condtsel.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION.