condcond: For more efficient entry of quotations/orders, customer-specific conditions can be stored in the customer role, which are automatically adopted when a quotation/order is created. Since this rule cannot be generalised to all conditions, it is possible to attach a condition to conditions. Functionality: After selection, the conditional condition is created directly and displayed in its own editing mask. The conditional entries are displayed in the list. An entry consists of the following information. First of all, each condition should be given a meaningful name so that another user knows what it is when he or she edits the condition. Next, the condition can/should be defined, which is evaluated when the condition is inserted into an order. Since defining this condition often requires more extensive knowledge than that of a normal user, standard conditions can be accepted as default conditions by clicking on the button Standard conditions. The list of conditions can of course be extended on request. Finally, a condition must be stored (inserted/created). This is done via the context menu of the condition field. Click the Save button to save the changes made. New conditional entries can be created and existing ones deleted via the context menu of the list. The arrows next to the list serve to move the conditional entries. Notes, explanations, examples If a conditional condition is created with several entries, the order/offer will contain a minimum of no condition and a maximum of one condition. If several conditions apply, the first condition with a correct condition is always taken over. Therefore it is also useful to be able to position the entries with the arrow buttons. If an entry has no condition, the condition is always considered true. Attention! The condition is evaluated each time the condition is inserted. If a condition is dependent on the order type, it should be set BEFORE the customer is selected. From a technical point of view, it is currently not possible to insert several conditions into one order using a conditional condition. Instead, it would be necessary to store several conditional conditions with the same conditions with the customer. Module name: condcond.mod. Classes: -.