condtedc: We define imputed conditions as additional fees or discounts to be paid. They therefore change the value (price) of a document in which they are used and thus offer a flexible instrument for pricing. Examples of imputed conditions are discounts/surcharges, freight surcharges or packaging surcharges. Validity of an imputed condition: Discountable, Packable, Freightable, Flat rate LP adaptable: Sales articles, as an example of article rolls, can be marked as 'discountable' and/or 'packable' and/or 'freightable'. This characteristic of the article is transferred to the order item when used. If an order item lacks this characteristic, the value of this item will not be calculated when calculating a respective surcharge unless the surcharge was entered as a flat rate. For example, a service item in the order cannot be packed. However, if a percentage packaging surcharge applies to the entire order, the value of this service item is not included in the calculation. The discountable, packable and freightable value of an order group or an order is shown. Flat rate LP adaptable means that a list price related condition of the order header or a group is applied to an item. List window: Serves to list the calculatory condition. Selection window: This window is used to select an imputed condition. Module name: condtion.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: condtedc.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: disccond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: freicond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: packcond.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: condtsel.mod. Classes: CX_CONDITION.