corporat. Description: This module is used to maintain company data. A company is mainly described by its master data, such as name, commercial register and tax numbers, and its address(es). User-specific data of a company is stored and maintained in role objects such as customer, supplier, manufacturer, operator, etc. Any number of different roles can be assigned to a company. The master data of a company represents the basic information that is known in all roles. Linking different (property) role objects to a company object thus ensures that no redundant data can arise. A company can generally be understood as a company location. A company location basically has only one postal street address, which can, however, be recorded several times (as a so-called sub-address) in order to locate various buildings, entrances (gates), etc. at this location more precisely (by means of a corresponding address supplement). The employees working at a location are assigned to this company location with their telephone numbers, etc. and can additionally be assigned to a specific place of employment at this location (one of the main or sub addresses of the location). Within a company location, areas can be assigned to a company. Areas are to be understood as "locations within the location" in order to be able to better manage the allocation of employees, sub-addresses, especially for very large companies or institutions such as public authorities (division into departments), hospitals (division into wards) or universities (division into departments and therein again into institutes). The information content of areas basically corresponds to the information content of a company location, therefore company locations can be converted into areas of other company locations (and vice versa). Areas can be structured in any depth and can be recognised by the symbol . The areas of a company are maintained here. (Postal) different locations of one and the same "legally registered" company are called branches. A "head office" cannot be a branch of another head office at the same time, this mapping is only single-level. "Head offices" are marked in list views with the symbol , "Branches" with the symbol . If a company is assigned a "head office", this company is automatically registered internally as a "branch". This registration is reversible. One effect of the relationship of companies as branch and head office is, for example, that one cannot give a person the role as "contact person" of one's own company (client) or one of its branches. It is only possible to give such persons the role of "employee" (see place of employment). The relationship between "head office" and "branches" of a company are maintained here. In addition, companies that are legally different from each other can be linked to each other on a pro rata basis. For this purpose, companies can be assigned to parent companies as affiliated companies. If a company is assigned to a group of companies, this company is shown in list views with the symbol marked. The information on affiliated companies is maintained here. Input window: All menu items are still locked if a new company is entered. The input mask for entering a new company address is called up via the Company module (command Insert Company under Edit). The various company-specific communication data (address, telephone, fax, e-mail, Internet), bank details, contact persons, branch offices, etc. are entered here. Any number of communication data, bank details, contact persons, branches and search terms can be assigned to a company. Company Internet Wizard: In this window, the data of a company can be automatically entered or compared with the data found on the Internet (home page or imprint). Editing a company with this wizard is started either directly with a company already stored in the database (via the respective menu item "Companies Internet Wizard"), by dropping a stored company into the Match/Master data group of this window or by directly entering a new www address in the "Home page" field. List window: This window serves to list the companies. If a company has multiple addresses, telephone numbers or fax numbers, only the first data in the company list is displayed. On the right side of the window, there is a list of the roles and communication objects of the currently selected company. Communication objects can be edited with a double click. Double-clicking on a role takes you directly to its input window. With a right click, the context menu can be called up to create new roles or to display the validity. Selection window: This window is used to select the companies. If a company has multiple addresses, telephone or fax numbers, only the first data in the list of companies is displayed. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: partnedc.mod. Classes: CX_LEGAL_PERSON. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: partnsec.mod. Classes: CX_LEGAL_PERSON.