costmobj: Along with cost types and cost centres, cost objects are part of cost accounting. However, the term cost object is also used synonymously - depending on the field - with the term project (order processing), the term framework agreement (purchasing) and the term internal cost object (e.g. R&D). A cost object thus describes a business object to which a wide variety of inventory objects and a wide variety of documents can be assigned. Within the marketing or sales acquisition process, marketing cost objects or sales opportunities form the second stage after the assignment of an interested party object or lead. The documents assigned to a cost object, i.e. the documents posted with a cost object can also contain costs/services. Thus, costs/services can be assigned to a cost object either directly via financial accounting or via special (cost) documents (e.g. time sheets). Inventory data of a plant (industrial plant, machine, part (e.g. for development projects)) and/or a business partner(prospective customer, customer, operator) or an operative partner(prospective customer, operator) can be assigned to the cost units themselves. Transaction data such as offers or orders can also be assigned to the cost units. Here, a "project" is thus the superordinate node for various offer or order documents. Usually at the beginning of a quotation processing there is the definition of a project, with specification of the external and internal project manager, the assignment to a plant and possibly also the determination of a first rough cost framework(order/sales planning) and a time schedule(network), which can be imported directly from a planning by means of MS-Projects and can also be reconciled with it. Therefore, offers can be created directly from a marketing cost object via certain buttons on the toolbar. In order to assign a marketing cost object to an order, the marketing cost object must first be converted into a sales cost object. Input window: This window is used to maintain cost units. You can select a cost unit by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The editing screen consists of the tab for entering the project data, the tab for displaying the documents assigned to the project and the tab for displaying any network. List window: Serves to search and list cost units. Selection window: This window is used to select a cost unit. Option window: Here you can make settings for the behaviour of the module. Module name: cxMarketingCostObjective.mod. Classes: CX_MARKETING_COST_OBJECTIVE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: marketingCostObjective.app. Classes: CX_MARKETING_COST_OBJECTIVE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: marketingCostObjectiveList.app. Classes: CX_MARKETING_COST_OBJECTIVE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: marketingCostObjectiveSelect.app. Classes: CX_MARKETING_COST_OBJECTIVE.