cxAccessoryList: The packing lists are used for internal deliveries to construction sites and thus distinguish themselves from external delivery notes. The packing lists thus provide an overview of the material flow between the companies and the construction sites of the articles that are not level 0 parts of the order. Consequently, packing lists can be created from the following documents:Order items without delivery statusProduction parts list items Goods receipt items Material withdrawal items In addition, free positions can be entered without a predecessor.The packing list can be printed and enclosed with the delivery. Thus, the reference to the goods can be established on the construction site. Creating packing lists: Packing lists can be created for order items without delivery status, production parts list items, goods receipt items, material withdrawal items. In the editing masks of the respective documents there is either a button in the toolbar ( ) to create the packing lists or a menu item "Packing list". In both cases you can choose via a submenu whether you want to create a new packing list or extend an existing packing list. If you want to extend an existing package insert list, it must be opened. In both cases the selected items (order item, production parts list item, etc.) of the editing mask are transferred to the supplement list. However, it is also possible to create a new (empty) accessory list and expand it using Drag&Drop. In this case, the items (order item, production BOM item, etc.) must be dragged into the item list of the packing list. In this way, a packing list item is created for each predecessor. The part and the quantity are automatically transferred. It is also possible to create a free packing list item. For this purpose press the "Create" button in the "Positions" tab. Now you have the possibility to create all data freely, like quantity, part and predecessor. All the above mentioned predecessor documents can now be dragged onto the predecessor field again. If no quantity has been entered or no part selected, the data of the predecessor will be taken over. If data has already been entered, it will not be overwritten. It is not possible to select stocked parts in free packing list positions without a predecessor. In this case the predecessor must be the retrieval item. If goods are to be delivered that are not entered in the parts master, simply leave the "Part" field empty and enter the goods in the description. When the packing list is created, the quantities are checked so that no overdelivery can occur. The packing list has no influence on the status of its predecessors. Business process of the packing lists: There are three relevant states to describe the processing status of the packing lists. List window: Serves to list the packing list. Selection window: This window is used to select a packing list. Document presets: This window is for setting the document settings for packing lists. The document settings can be assigned to a user, an account track, a client, or a partner function, for example. The document presettings of the packing lists are not only used when creating the packing list, but also when creating orders and offers. Here the group "Packing list data" is preset with the data defined here. Option window: Here you can make and save settings specific to the packing list. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: accelist.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: acceledt.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: accelsel.mod. Classes: -.