cxContact: Contact persons are the employees of other companies. (The employees of your own company (the clients defined in the system) are maintained separately in the employee module ). When trying to create a contact person for a branch of the own company, this person is automatically created as an employee and not as a contact person, because a branch of the own company cannot have contact persons. Business-relevant data, such as a person 's function, department, business e-mail and telephone extensions, are maintained with this module. For the purpose of a successful CRM, it is also necessary to classify contact persons according to their importance or other criteria (e.g. "gets Christmas card"). This can be done by means of general classification terms or user-specific favourites (see additional data). Persons can be employees of different companies at the same time; employee information is role objects for persons. As a rule, the person object is automatically created when a new employee is created; if the person already exists, the employee information must be created by inserting a role. The listing or maintenance of employees can be done from the company master screen or one of its roles using the button This distinction becomes particularly important when a transaction document is called up from the contact person: Accordingly, the activity folder of his company or company role is inserted in addition to the activity folder of the contact person. Input window: This window is used to maintain contact persons. List window: This window serves to list the contact persons. You have the choice between 2 different types of search. The simple search allows you to list all contact persons of a company, while the advanced search allows you to search for contact persons without knowing their company. Contact person (Extended list window: In this list window you can search for contact persons across all companies. It is necessary to enter at least one search criterion. In the fields of the group contact persons you search directly for surname, first name, department or functions. You do not need to know the company of the desired contact person. However, if you search for companies, all contact persons of the companies found will be displayed in the list. A combined search is always carried out across all search fields. Electronic business card (vCard): In this window, contact persons can either be read in using their electronic business card (vCard) or their electronic business card (vCard) can be created for contact persons and their own employees. Files in *.vcf format can also be read in directly from MS Outlook as contact. Electronic business cards are files in *.vcf format, which is described here. Selection window: This window is used to select a contact person. The extended search can also be called up in an activity document ( see list window for description). Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: contact.mod. Classes: CX_EMPLOYEE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: contaedt.mod. Classes: CX_EMPLOYEE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: contasel.mod. Classes: CX_EMPLOYEE.