cxCounter: Counters are used to maintain all number ranges (registers) used in the system. Counters are required for master data (customers, G/L accounts, parts, etc.) and documents (invoices, orders, purchase orders, etc.) in order to specify sequential numbering. The formatting of the number (e.g. whether with or without leading zeros) is also determined in the counter. Usually, the name of the meter is the same as the class name of the object to be numbered (e.g. CX_CUSTOMER for the customer number meter). The register of a counter can be delegated to the register of another counter. This is used, for example, if the number range for outgoing invoices and outgoing credit memos is to be the same. In this case, the counter for A/R credit notes (CX_CREDIT_NOTE) is delegated to the counter for A/R invoices (CX_INVOICE). A conditional table can also be used to distribute a register to several other counters, e.g. if the number range for orders is to be different depending on the order type.If you want to reset the counters for e.g. A/R invoices at the beginning of a fiscal year, you can create (copy) a separate counter for each fiscal year - controlled by the validity. In this way, for example, the counter "CX_INVOICE" for A/R invoices would then exist several times, each with a validity related to the fiscal year. It should be noted that the counter number should include the year of the fiscal year in order to avoid double numbers. Input window: This window is used for maintaining meters. You can select a meter by entering the desired meter name in the Name field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Several number ranges can also be combined by 'delegation'. In addition, your number ranges can also be displayed with a format specification, for example to define leading zeros or similar. In this way, any format changes that may be necessary in the future can be made centrally and therefore with little effort. In the field 'Control character' you specify the formatting of the respective number range (in the example: six numeric digits) and in the field 'Fixed text' you control how the number is displayed in the input fields (in the example: six digits, numeric with leading zeros). List window: Used to list the counters. Selection window: This window is used to select a counter. Test formatting: In this window you can test the formatting of a counter. Search number range: In this window you can display the corresponding objects by entering a range of numbers. In this way you can quickly find out how many and which objects are in which number ranges. The search extends over the master list of objects (REP collection) specified in the "Class" field or - if nothing is specified there - the class name is taken from the name of the selected meter. If no "data field" is specified, the field "uniqueID" is taken. In particular, this search also serves to display any gaps in the specified number range. Edit number range manually: A counter object is used - as the name suggests - to automatically count up order or invoice numbers, for example. A counter object can also be used to format number fields. It often happens that you want to manage number ranges manually, because they are assigned and processed externally (e.g. externally assigned inventory numbers). To get an overview of such number ranges, you can manage these "reservations" here. Module name: counter.mod. Classes: CX_COUNTER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: countedt.mod. Classes: CX_COUNTER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: countsel.mod. Classes: CX_COUNTER.