cxCurrencyTable: The conversion of currencies, unlike the conversion of other units, is a special case in that the relationship (i.e. the exchange rate) between two currencies is not fixed but changes daily. The conversion must be done using a currency table that defines exchange rates between different currencies. This currency table can be present in the system - for individual days or periods of time it may be different - but it can exist several times.In order to be able to differentiate between these - time dependent - currency tables, it is advisable to give the currency tables unique names (e.g. EUROFX for the currency table of the ECB (European Central Bank) which can be updated daily). All currency tables of a certain name are kept apart as to their validity, i.e. only one currency table of a certain name should be valid in the system at any given time. In order to have up-to-date conversion rates, you can have the rates updated automatically via the Internet.Normally, the system converts a value in a foreign currency to the value of the local currency using the currently logged in currency table. In some cases, this may be undesirable, for example, for outgoing invoices, incoming invoices and the transfer of bank statements. In these cases, the currency table valid only on a certain day may be used instead of the currently registered currency table. The necessary settings for this are made in the client (see for outgoing invoices, incoming invoices and bank statements).Besides the currency tables, which are valid for the whole system after logging in, there are also tables which can only be assigned to one company (one customer). (see customer documentation and foreign currency). Direct Conversion: Direct conversion uses exactly one exchange rate to convert one currency into another. The list of exchange rates is run through one after the other and the first exchange rate that can be used for conversion is used. If a conversion is to be possible with several exchange rates, i.e. "across other currencies", indirect conversion is to be used. Indirect conversion: In contrast to direct conversions, indirect conversions can be used to convert "across multiple currencies". For example, if a "€" amount is to be converted into "$", it is not necessary to define an exchange rate between these two currencies. If there is an exchange rate between "€" and "£" and between "£" and "$", a "€" amount can be converted into "$" by "detouring" from "£" to "$". The length of the conversion path is irrelevant. Update: As exchange rates are subject to fluctuations, it is necessary to update the currency tables. For this purpose ClassiX® provides a function for automatic updating via Internet. The basis for the update are the reference rates of other currencies to the Euro, which are published daily by the European Central Bank. The rates are available online at http://www.ecb.int/stats/exchange/eurofxref/html/index.en.html. In parallel, the ECB also provides the rates in an XML file, which is more suitable for automatic processing. This XML file is also used by the ClassiX® system to update the currency tables. The update can be done either online, i.e. ClassiX® tries to load the XML file and updates the currency tables, or offline, if no internet access is available. In this case the XML file has to be copied to the computer by other means and can then be read out. Input window: This window is used to maintain currency tables. You can select a currency table by entering the ID of the desired object (e.g. EUROFX) in the "ID" field and confirm with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". {img type="fileId" fileId="376" thumb="box" width="100%"} The input window also contains a function for automatically updating currency tables of a particular name. This function can be reached via the menu item "Update". The sub-menu contains menu items for various sources with current exchange rate data (currently only "ECB" (European Central Bank)). Each menu item contains the sub-items "Online" and "Offline" (or just one of them), which allow updating directly via the Internet or via a locally saved file (in the XML format specified by the ECB). The two types of updating ("online" and "offline") are explained in more detail below. Online update When updating online, the new course data is downloaded directly from the Internet. For this purpose, a URL must be provided which specifies the source exactly (see also above). {img type="fileId" fileId="380" thumb="box" width="100%"} The valid currency table registered in the system is offered as the table (to be updated): only the currencies specified in this table are transferred to a new currency table with the current values. If you want to load all the currencies offered by the ECB or if you had not yet defined a currency table in the system, the "Table" field remains empty and you will get a new currency table with all the exchange rates defined by the ECB. (This table could then be adjusted for the unneeded exchange rates in order to have a suitable initial table for the next update). In general, only one currency table may be valid at a time. This table is automatically selected and registered when ClassiX® is started. Therefore the start date of validity must be specified. By default the date of the exchange rate data is selected here. However, the radio button can also be used to select your own date. The currency table currently valid up to this point is automatically marked as invalid. It expires on the day before the start of the validity of the current table. Offline update The offline update works in the same way as the online update, with the only difference that instead of a URL to the data source on the Internet, this time a path to a file with the new course data serves as the basis. {img type="fileId" fileId="378" thumb="box" width="100%"} In this case (data source "ECB") the file "euroxref-daily.xml" in the directory Projects\Data below CX_ROOTDIR is offered as a preselection. By clicking on the "Select" button, however, another file in another directory can be selected in a simple manner. With the button "Start" the loading process is started, with "Close" the dialogue is closed. List window: Used to list the currency tables. Selection window: This window is used to select a currency table. Overview: For the management of exchange rates ClassiX®provides the classes CX_CURRENCY_RATE and CX_CURRENCY_TABLE. An object of the first class defines a single exchange rate, while an object of the second class contains a table of exchange rates. This table can contain not only exchange rates, but also other (subordinate) exchange rate tables. Currency conversion functionality exists in both classes, but a table is usually used for conversion. Module name: currtabl.mod. Classes: CX_CURRENCY_TABLE CX_CURRENCY_RATE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: currtedt.mod. Classes: CX_CURRENCY_TABLE CX_CURRENCY_RATE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: currtsel.mod. Classes: CX_CURRENCY_TABLE CX_CURRENCY_RATE.