cxGeneralLedger: This module is used for the administration of G/L accounts in financial accounting and their listing as G/L chart of accounts. Specialised G/L accounts such as reconciliation accounts (own module), cash accounts (own module), tax accounts and cash discount accounts are also created from this module. In addition to general information on a G/L account, any other descriptive characteristics (attributes) can be added to it and a G/L account can be assigned to different charts of accounts (e.g. as P&L, balance sheet), which must be stored as classification terms beforehand. Input window: If the G/L accounts have not been created and/or need to be maintained automatically, you can do this manually here. List window: Serves for listing the G/L chart of accounts. Accounts already created can be called up for editing by double-clicking. When creating new accounts, please ensure the correct allocation (-> G/L accounts, reconciliation accounts for receivables or payables, cash account for bank or cash, tax accounts for input tax and turnover tax, etc.), because this cannot be changed later. Selection window: This window is used to select a G/L account. Check chart of accounts: For example, in a balance sheet chart of accounts, all "balance sheet" accounts should/must be assigned. In this window you can check if this is the case. To do this, you select the structure to be checked (the chart of accounts) and can use the options to set whether you want to display the G/L accounts that are not contained in the selected chart of accounts, or are contained only once or even several times. Module name: ledger.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: leathered.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: geledcla.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: geleddep.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: leddis.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ledgle.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: geledtax.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: geledsel.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER.