cxIndustrialPlant: This module is used to maintain industrial plants. These can be self-produced or externally produced plants. Equipment, instruments or even complex industrial plants are considered to be plants. A distinction is made between machines that are used in the company's own production process. Projects (cost objects) are (can be) assigned to facilities when they are created. Since most documents are assigned directly or indirectly to a cost object, the reference to an industrial plant is also always given. For example, an industrial plant can be indirectly linked to quotations and or orders via the project assignment (quotation or order header) or indirectly linked to plant group items in quotations and orders via its plant groups and components. One thus obtains an important information tool for service (listing of the service operations of Customer Support) and a reference work for sales and quality assurance. Input window: When creating and editing industrial plants, the main mask "Industrial plants" is displayed first, which contains various tabs. In the "master data" tab, the main information of an installation, such as number, password, search terms, type, operator, owner, . are specified. In the same window, in the group "Location/Communication data", the location of the system is specified, as well as the communication data on how to reach employees at the system location. For this purpose, the address, telephone number, etc. of the installation can be entered by right-clicking. Infrastructure data (characteristics) of the facility are inserted in the next tab ("Infrastructure data") via the "Insert" button. Asset groups and their components can be displayed graphically in the next tab and inserted with a right mouse click. List window: This window serves to list industrial plants. Selection window: This window is used to select industrial plants. Absence note Create system consultant: An absence note is a special activity note that is posted to the capacity load of the assigned employee. Move projects/orders/assembly groups: Projects, orders and plant groups can be moved between two industrial plants via this window. This window is needed because the normal editing window of the industrial plants can be opened twice and therefore drag&drop is not possible. Thus, the main use of this window is to open the plant group tree of a second industrial plant in order to be able to move positions of the project tree of the current industrial plant into it. Moving always takes place in the following direction: Project tree of the plant displayed in the editing window ->Plant group tree of the window "Move projects, orders and plant groups". After the objects have been moved, you can right-click in the attachment field of this window to jump to the target attachment. If you open the project tree here, you should be able to find the moved objects here. Orders are assigned to an industrial plant on the one hand via the cost object. and on the other hand, the plant group and work certificate groups of the orders refer to the components of the industrial plant. When orders are moved, these references are set to the new industrial plant. If an order group is moved, the new industrial plant is transferred to the cost object of the order. However, if a cost object has more than one order, the cost object can now refer to two industrial plants. This means that the remaining orders may also have to be moved. The user is informed of this via the following message: Moving/copying does not move all the asset/work certificate groups of the projects. The projects will therefore subsequently be assigned to several industrial plants. Do you still want to proceed? Module name: indpledt.mod. Classes: CX_INDUSTRIAL_PLANT.