cxProceedings: This module is used for the overview and processing of all transactions for a business object. For example, a business object can be a partner, a user or a part. The window title shows who the displayed transactions originate from. If the transactions are listed from a contact person, the window title shows not only the associated company, but also whether and from which company role the contact person was called. When creating transaction documents, this information controls whether the transaction folder of the company or the company role is placed in the transaction document in addition to the transaction folder of the contact person. Transactions primarily include transactions that are automatically posted to the transaction folder of the corresponding business object. This is done according to the transaction description of the individual document types, such as invoices, orders, etc. Subfolders (period, status, etc.) are also automatically created in which the documents are filed. In this way, a structure is created, as can be seen on the right-hand side, for example. (The number in brackets indicates how many receipts are in the corresponding folder.){img type="fileId" fileId="526" thumb="box" width="100%"}Furthermore, there are so-called transaction documents that are manually posted in transaction folders. These include letters, faxes and e-mails, but also simple notes or visit logs. To categorise these documents in transaction fold ers, a folder structure can also be created manually.The transaction folder is for master data what the document history is for documents. Thus, in addition to the transactions, documents and cost objects can also be displayed and partially maintained here. General functionality of the Tasks folder: The folder is divided into two parts. On the left side the tasks/task folders are shown in the tree structure. The task documents can be displayed or not displayed here in the tree structure by option. Independently of the options the tasks of the selected folder are displayed on the right side. Also on the left side there is the possibility to view or change attributes, documents or cost units assigned to this object. The right mouse button opens context menus, which can be used to insert or remove object references. System folder/"normal" folders The colour of the folder shows whether it was created automatically or manually. The folders shown in red are the automatically created system folders that were created by posting a transaction based on a transaction description. Transaction documents in these folders can neither be moved nor removed and it is also not possible to insert other transaction documents or "simple" folders here. Folders shown in yellow are manually created folders. The user is free to edit these folders. Display of the transaction documents in the list The presentation of the transaction documents in the list can vary from folder to folder. For example, there is a standard format for the list if there are only transaction documents (letter, fax, etc.) in a folder. If a folder consists of subfolders (and transactions), the system switches to a general format. If a system folder has no subfolders but only transactions, the system tries to determine the list format automatically from the status monitor or workflow of the corresponding document type. General process window: The task folders have a uniform layout with a general functionality. However, there are slight differences, for example between the task folder of the part and that of the user, customer, etc. Therefore it can happen that the described fields or menu items are not applicable or available for all task folders. Option window: Used to set the option when using the operations folder. List window: Used to list the transaction account objects. Selection window: This window is for selecting a transaction folder or transaction account. Module name: Proceedings.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS. Module name: ProceedingsSelect.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ProceedingsEdit.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ProceedingsEditMain.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ProceedingsEditItem.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ProceedingsEditTxn.mod. Classes: CX_PROCEEDINGS.