cxProductionDataCapture: This module enables different ways of recording production data. The respective detailed description can be found under the description of the different windows (functionality). Input window: This window is used for production data acquisition. You can select a production data acquisition directly by entering the desired number in the field "Number" and confirming it with RETURN or by calling up the corresponding object via the list window (menu item "Search"). Each document bears an identification of its processing method:. List window: Serves to list the production data acquisition. Selection window: This window is used to select a production data acquisition. BDE time ticket recording: individual slip: This window is used to enter feedback data from the production plant. Via the menu you can also reach a special window for direct scanning of any barcode printed on the work slip. Attention: External work sequences should be finalised via the procurement process (external work sequence - purchase order - goods receipt - quality assurance). However, it is also possible to finalise these notes directly via the PDC recording, but then no costs of the external production run into the order post-calculation. An incoming invoice cannot be created for the external work sequence either. If the selected work sequence is an external work sequence, the question arises as to whether you really want to report it completed via the normal individual slip. BDE time ticket recording: Collected slips: If several entries are selected in the list of worklists, an adapted collective window with a list of all selected entries appears when the menu item "Production data acquisition (SFDC) - Confirmation time" is selected from the context menu. If the selected entries do not have the same resource, it must be selected manually. Via the collective list, it is possible to record several work sequences at once or to report them as finished. In each of the selected work sequences, the total time (over all work sequences), weighted according to the remaining time, is entered as actual time. If the remaining time of the selected work sequences is already zero, the weighting is carried out according to the target time. If even the total target time over all selected work sequences is zero, the reported total time is distributed evenly over the selected work sequences. With this type of recording it is not possible to record (partial) quantities (yield) manually. In case of a finished message the respective quantity of the production order item is automatically transferred (see field description "finished"). Attention: External work sequences should be finalised via the procurement process (external work sequence - order - goods receipt - quality assurance). However, it is also possible to report these notes ready directly via the PDC status change, but then no costs of external production are included in the order post calculation. An incoming invoice cannot be created for the external work sequence either. If one of the selected work sequences is an external work sequence, the question is asked whether one really wants to change these items via this route. If you select "Cancel", the complete process is aborted, i.e. none of the selected work sequences is logged off, as the entered time can then no longer be divided in the correct proportion. You must close the window and open the positions again without the external work sequences. BDE time ticket entry: Order item confirmation: This type of feedback is called up from the Production Planning Jobs module. It enables total times for individual order items to be confirmed in total. This is useful, for example, for notifications from final assembly, where you do not want to confirm every single work ticket, but all times in one for one order item at one workstation. In the lower part of the window, the order items for which you want to perform the collective time message are displayed. BDE status change: This window is used to enter feedback data from the production plant. Via the menu you can also reach a special window for direct scanning of any barcode printed on the work slip. Attention: External work sequences should be reported completed via the procurement process (external work sequence - purchase order - goods receipt - quality assurance). However, it is also possible to report these slips completed directly via the PDC status change, but then no costs of the external production run into the order post-calculation. An incoming invoice can then also not be created for the external work sequence. If one of the selected work sequences is an external work sequence, the question is asked whether you really want to change the status of these items via this route. If "Cancel" is selected, only the "non-external" work sequences are changed, the external ones remain untouched. Module name: prodcapt.mod. Classes: CX_PRODUCTION_DATA_CAPTURE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: prodcedt.mod. Classes: CX_PRODUCTION_DATA_CAPTURE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: prodcsel.mod. Classes: CX_PRODUCTION_DATA_CAPTURE.