cxTextCondition: Text modules can be used in ClassiX® in two different ways. On the one hand they can be used as conditions and attached to different documents, on the other hand they can be used as text modules in the literal sense, i.e. as letterhead or section in a letter, fax, etc. Input window: Important for the characterisation of a text module is, above all, the type to which it is assigned and the documents for which it has been validated. In the selection list "Type" you can choose how you want to use the text module. If you want to use it in the literal sense, i.e. as letterhead etc., you set it as a "general text module". In this case you can always call it up to insert it in a letter, for example. If you use the text module as a condition, select one of the other two points, depending on whether you want to assign it to purchasing or sales. Once you have done this, you will notice that some checkboxes have been opened and set in the document group to select the documents for which the text module is to be valid. For example, if you have a sales condition that is only valid for quotation and order, you can remove the check marks from the other two checkboxes. If you now want to insert a text module in a delivery note, the text module just created (only set for offer and order) is not available for selection. You should make sure that when converting documents, such as creating an order from an offer, only the text modules that are valid for an order are taken over. List window: Used to list the text modules. Selection window: This window is used to select a text module. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: textcond.mod. Classes: CX_TEXT_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: textcedt.mod. Classes: CX_TEXT_CONDITION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: textcsel.mod. Classes: CX_TEXT_CONDITION.