cxTxnNote: On the one hand, an activity note documents a completed activity(activity), such as a conducted meeting, an activity instruction or a written letter, but on the other hand, it also documents a planned activity(planning). If an activity note is marked as "planning", it automatically receives the status "resubmission" from the selected business process, if there is one. These resubmissions can then be called up via the "My resubmissions" list and checked by interval. Both activity and planning can be active or passive. Active transactions are outgoing from the own company to a partner. Passive transactions are incoming from an external partner to one's own company (e.g. customer calls me, customer writes an e-mail to me, etc.). Activity or planning can be marked as "completed" to track processing.One or more recipients can be assigned to an activity note. For each individual recipient, a document is printed or an e-mail or fax is sent. Depending on what is selected as the type of transaction (letter, fax, e-mail, etc.), the corresponding contact information is output next to the name of the recipient, i.e. address, fax number or e-mail address. This means that transaction notes can also be used, for example, to create serial letters. These can be changed via the context menu on the corresponding line. Any number of transaction notes can be assigned to all business objects - organised via transaction folders. A business object can be, for example, a partner, a partner function (e.g. supplier), a part, a part function (e.g. the production function), a parts list, etc. or even another document, such as an order, an invoice or another transaction note. On the other hand, each operation note itself can be linked to any number of business objects. The transaction notes are then posted in these transaction folders and thus support the workflow of information. Transaction notes can also be created directly from a business object by specifying the transaction type (note, letter, telephone call, etc.). If the transaction type is letter, fax or e-mail, the business object (the partner or partner function) is automatically entered as the recipient, otherwise only its transaction folder is automatically registered in the transaction note.If the business object is a contact person, the transaction folder of the contact person's company or the company function from which the contact person was called is also inserted next to the transaction folder of the contact person.With transaction notes, customer contact management in the sense of CRM functionality is possible: storage of information about e.g. telephone calls, correspondence and e-mail communication with the customer(activities), or planning with usually a resubmission, e.g. to promote marketing/sales campaigns.Any number of external documents can be added to a transaction note. Word texts, Excel tables and drawings are displayed directly and the objects can be edited by double-clicking. To show on each page whether external documents have been added to a transaction note, their number appears directly on the corresponding tab. The list shows both the type of file and the application registered for this type. For security reasons, the documents added here are assigned directly to the transaction note and are not maintained as associations within the document history.Furthermore, a description can be entered for each external document (via the 'Description' button). As a last piece of information, the file name under which the file was/is stored on the hard disk is also entered. All attached files are sent as attachments when they are sent by e-mail. The processing of all Microsoft Office file types is guaranteed by default.In order to create document chains (for one and the same activity/planning), follow-up documents can also be created from an activity note. These are used, for example, to track the customer contact regarding a topic, e.g. first telephone call - info mail sent - second telephone call - presentation - third telephone call, etc. The links between a transaction note and its predecessor or successor documents are displayed in the document links tab.Each transaction note is assigned to a business process and can assume different statuses, which are controlled manually. New business processes can be created for the transaction notes at any time. The indicator of the new business process must start with "TXN_NOTE_WFL" to be recognised as a transaction note process.The field"Processor" identifies the employee or cost centre who must complete this "task" or in whose processes and possibly resubmissions this activity note is posted.You can find information on printing task notes here. Input window: This window is used to maintain transaction notes. You can select an operation note by entering the number of the desired operation note in the "Number" field and confirming with RETURN. When creating an activity note, the date, time, type, creator and editor (from the logged-in user) and - if not specified otherwise - the activity folder of the user - are predefined. If a recipient is selected, the process is also registered in the recipient's process folder. The process note number is automatically assigned after saving the process note. The text field ("Message" field) of the receipt can also be entered in Word format. This happens automatically when you create the document as a letter or fax ("Transaction type" field, but only if transaction type is "active") or when you call up the menu item manually (Edit -> Format -> MS-Word). Saved transaction notes can be copied or a follow-up document can be created:. Serial letters or circulars with personal cover letters: A transaction note can be used as a form letter or circular mail if several recipients are inserted in the recipient tab. In this way you can, for example, invite people to a trade fair or carry out comparable marketing campaigns. Now you want to address each addressee personally in your circular. A standard "Dear Sir or Madam" letter is not enough for you. You can implement this using document variables, which can be used depending on the cover letter type (Word or text). In Word, the variables are inserted in the way described here. If the message is entered as text, the access expression within the text must be enclosed by the following character string: "This is the text before the variable << access expression >> This is the text after the variable." In some cases, the access expression does not return a result. In order to still return a standard text in these cases, you can add two "OR characters" with the alternative text within the access expression. In the following example, the contact person of a transaction note is to be addressed personally. If this person is not known, a standard form of address is to be used:. Emails with Cc/Bcc recipients and circulars: Transaction notes can be of the type "email" on the one hand and of the type "circular email" on the other. In the case of an "email", exactly one email is sent. All selected recipients are set as recipients of this one email. The recipients can also be set to the type "Cc" or "Bcc". To do this, proceed as follows: However, it is also possible - as described in the previous section - to send circular e-mails. In this case, not one e-mail is sent to all recipients, but one e-mail per recipient, ideally even with an individual cover letter. To do this, select the type "E-mail (circular)". If one or more recipients have been set to the type "Cc" or "Bcc", these recipients will not receive the e-mail directly as the main recipient, but will receive a copy or blind copy of all e-mails. List window: The list window is used to list operation notes. The list can be filtered through the upper search fields. The filter can consist of several fields at the same time. However, if the "number" is searched for, all other fields are reset (since the number of an operation note is always unique). Any entry in another field resets the "number" field. The window title always shows from which basic set or from which folder the displayed operation notes originate: e.g. "All operation notes" if listed from the set of all operation notes or "Operation notes from." if it is about operation notes of e.g. a user or "Operation notes in." if the operation notes originate from a subfolder. The display "Inserted operation notes" appears if the operation notes were taken over into the list by dragging and dropping other objects. The following objects can be dragged into the list by drag&drop: The additional display "( filtered )" appears if a value was entered in the search mask and the list is thus filtered according to these criteria. Double-clicking on an entry in the list or selecting an entry in the list and then pressing the "Edit" button in the input window opens the input mask for editing the activity note. Options window: In the options window, a default process and a default status can be defined, which are automatically set when a new operation note is created. Resubmission of operations (actions): The resubmission serves as a reminder to the user of transaction notes by means of a pop-up window. This window displays all task notes that are of the type "action", have a resubmission date in the past and are not marked as completed. The task notes are assigned to a user via the task folders. It is therefore also possible to have a resubmission document pop up for another user. This can be done by selecting another user in the group "To task folder of" via the insert menu. By default, the resubmission option is switched off. This is defined in the user in the"Messages" tab. There you can also define that the settings are inherited from higher-level cost centres or the client. Wizzard Transaction Notes: With this wizzard, several, previously selected operation notes can be maintained simultaneously in their data. Module name: txnnote.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_NOTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: ilifeedt.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_NOTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: txnnoedt.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_NOTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages.