cxTxnDescriptor: Transaction descriptions define the processing of documents. Essentially, this involves the posting of documents to accounts/monitors, but it is also possible to carry out general data operations on all objects accessible from the document. As is common practice within the CyberEnterprise business OS, conditions (subtransactions, dimensions, data) are stored as CX_FORMULA objects. As formulas can also call InstantView® macros using this.call(macro name), these macros must be defined in the same module from which Call(GetProcessed) is called.All the information provided on dimensions or data fields must be accessible via the transaction/document to be processed. Input window: This window is for maintaining transaction descriptions. A saved transaction description can be called up via the list window, which you open via the menu item "Search". The display of the dimensions of a transaction description can be shown as a tree in addition to the list form. Dimensional description: This window is used to maintain dimension descriptions, i.e. on the one hand the dimensions of the monitor to which the transaction to be processed is to be assigned are determined, on the other hand the data fields are described which are to be changed by the account assignment. Data description: This window is used to maintain data descriptions. List window: Used to list the transaction descriptions. Selection window: This window is used to select a transaction description. Compare dimension and data descriptions: Display the standard or derived transaction description from a TXN file. Changes to the current transaction description in the database are shown in red. This allows you to detect deviations from the transaction description to the current database. Module name: txndescr.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_DESCRIPTOR. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: txndeedt.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_DESCRIPTOR. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: txndesel.mod. Classes: CX_TXN_DESCRIPTOR.