cxWorkFlowRoute: Business processes describe the flow of a single document by means of status (monitors). However, since the status of a document can be dependent on the status of another document, it must be possible to link several business processes of different documents with each other in order to map the complete process chain. This run through different business processes is called a process route.A simple example of this is the process route of a production part to be manufactured for an order:Before production, the order item runs from status "created" to status "bill of material released". If a production order - as a new document of another business process - with the status "created" is now created from this status, the order item itself is switched to the next status "production order" (PRODUCTION_ORDER). The order item remains in this status until the production order has reached the status "provided". Only then does the status of the order item change to "ready": Production" (PRODUCTION_PROVISION).Such concatenations are possible within the transition descriptions in the individual status monitors, in the following figure using the example of the transition from the initial state "Production order" (PRODUCTION_ORDER) to the subsequent state "Ready: Production" (PRODUCTION_PROVISION): The process route to which this transition belongs is selected via the "Process routes" button. Then, by double-clicking on the newly assigned process route, the detailed processing of this assignment can be carried out. In this detail editing, a description can now be entered, e.g. which follow-on documents are necessary or similar. The possible start statuses of the follow-on documents can now be inserted into the list "Follow-on monitors" by clicking the "Insert" button. It is also possible to drag and drop the successor status directly into the list.Some data that the system cannot automatically find out must then be added: On the one hand, the class of the follow-on document must be specified (in this example CX_PRODUCTION_ORDER for a production order), and on the other hand, the process name must be entered. The process name is the name with which a document is linked to a business process and which is then specified for switching (triggering) a status monitor (e.g. here: productionOrderItem Get(TriggeredStateMonitor("PRODUCTION")).The fields in the "Origin" group are empty when first opened and later only serve for navigation: in which transition is this dependency and to which process route is it assigned there.Once all these dependencies have been maintained, a view of the business processes through which the process route passes can be created afterwards. To the right is an example of the extent to which a document (order item) has already run through this process route. With the help of this graphic, it is now possible to see which steps still have to be carried out before the order item can be set to the status "Ready: Production" status. In this example, the production order has only just been created (status is framed in red), it still has to be started, completed and made available. This graphic can be called up from the document history by right-clicking the status and selecting "Show process history". Input window: This window is used to maintain process routes. List window: This window is used to list the process routes. Selection window: This window is used to select a process route. Module name: wflroute.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_FLOW_ROUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: wflredt.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_FLOW_ROUTE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: wflrsel.mod.