cxWorkflow: This module is used to define business processes as a sequence of states. Transition conditions can be specified between the states. Each document can be assigned to any number of business processes; its state within each business process then results automatically from the transition conditions. The different states that a document has passed through in the course of its processing can be displayed in the document history. Input window: This window is used to maintain business processes. To call up the list window, you must select the menu item "Search". The main entries are made in the "Basic data" tab, the "Format details" tab is used to automatically format the display of the documents posted in the individual status monitors. List window: Serves to list the business processes. A red dot in the third column symbolises that this business process has been specifically derived for the customer (see field "Customer derivation" in the input window). The customer-specific subdirectory is automatically preset during export. The import via the menu item "Data exchange -> Import all" also checks whether the respective base file found is derived in the customer subdirectory. If so, it is skipped and the customer derivative is read in at the end. Selection window: This window is used to select a business process. Compare business processes: Display of the standard or derived business processes from a WFL file. Changes to the current business processes in the database are shown in red. You can thus recognise deviations of the business process from the current database. Module name: workflow.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_FLOW. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: workfedt.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_FLOW. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: workfsel.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_FLOW.