cyber: This module is used for client management. A client represents the top level of the (DP-technical) organisation of company data and is the object which can be selected by a user when logging in. The information that a client holds is available system-wide. Input window: This window is used to maintain clients. You can select a client by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". (If you are logging in for the first time in a completely new ClassiX® application, you have to confirm the login window empty, because no users have been created yet. Next you have to create the client master data, because all further data should be saved client-dependent. Master data: In the client master data, it is important to define the field 'Number' unambiguously in order to functionally guarantee multi-client capability. Number' is the client number used in the system. Furthermore, it is essential to enter the currency (as local currency). Address data and telephone, etc. should also be entered because the program can then refer to these correctly if necessary. Finish each field entry with the 'Tab' key and do not forget to save your entries with 'OK'. The client window contains several pages/tabs between which you can scroll by clicking on the title of the page. By clicking on e.g. 'Accounting' - or via the key combination 'Alt'-'R' - you can maintain the accounting functions of your company. You can also edit the data at any time using the menu item 'Edit' and by clicking the right mouse button in the communication area in the lower part of the window. If you have previously selected an entry, you can edit it directly via 'Edit' or by double-clicking. WMS data: SAP® and SAP Business One® are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE in Germany and other countries. System: The interval checks and start scripts are inherited from top to bottom in the hierarchy. This means: If these settings are set in the client, they are valid for all users until the user's cost centre, a higher-level cost centre or the user himself has changed these settings on the corresponding editing masks. On this tab you can enter your ClassiX® partner under "service provider". This data is used for direct programme support. Under "Language control" the handling of the multilingual functions of ClassiX® can be influenced, e.g. the default language can be changed here. Under "Directories" standard directories can be set, e.g. for document management. Under "Communication" the own fax identification is entered, for integration with a fax gateway. The multilingual field Map URL contains the internet address of a map service provider to display maps to addresses from ClassiX®. The URL can be arbitrary, when called up the following tokens are replaced with corresponding data: %CITY% for the city, %STREET% for street and house number, %ZIP% for postcode and %COUNTRY% for country. Database: Once you have completed all the fields, you can use the 'Company' button to enter more company-related data, such as bank details on the 'Additional Data' tab of the new window. You will notice that overlapping information does not have to be re-entered because in ClassiX® all data is logically linked. List window: Serves to list the clients. Selection window: This window is used to select a client. SMTP settings: Use this window to configure access to the SMTP server. Module name: cyber.mod. Classes: CX_CYBER_ENTERPRISE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cyberedt.mod. Classes: CX_CYBER_ENTERPRISE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: cybersel.mod. Classes: CX_CYBER_ENTERPRISE.