deftrans: This module is used to maintain the document presettings, which can be made depending on the document type (offer, order, .) The default settings can be specified for internal objects (client, account, user). In this way, for example, all employees of a cost centre can receive an individual order letter. On the other hand, the partner objects and their roles can hold document presettings. Thus, a contact person for an order can be defined for a customer, who is to be set automatically when the order is created. Document-specific default settings: The input window is used as a cockpit for the document presets. Here you can make standard settings for general document data (subject, cover letter, conditions) and also select the standard print form. However, the respective module is responsible for the document-specific presettings. The corresponding mask can be called up via the "Advanced" button. The documentation of these specific presetting masks can be found here and elsewhere:. Conditional document presets: Document-specific presetting can be linked to conditions (Edit - Insert - conditional). As an example, different delivery data can be stored for a customer depending on the selected order type (orderTypeEnum=xy). In the order window, after setting the order type (save) and selecting the customer, the corresponding delivery data is integrated. Input window: The input window consists of two parts. In the list of documents, the documents for which a document preset has been made are displayed. The document preset group then displays the corresponding settings. Here, a further distinction is made between general settings and typical document settings. The general settings include the subject, the cover letter, the footer text and the conditions. This data can be maintained directly in the group. The individual document settings can be accessed via the "Advanced" button. Here, for example, the first and second signature can be set for an order. Module name: deftrans.mod. Classes: -.