deliconf: This window is used to quickly enter delivery date confirmations of orders. Input window: Click on 'Order' to open the window 'Order items (all)'. This window allows you to select the orders with 'Edit - Filter' or '-Order'. All order items corresponding to the selection are then displayed. By clicking on the confirmed order item from the items and confirming with 'OK', it will be transferred to the 'Delivery Date Confirmation' window. Then you can enter the supplier's AB number, the order number and the confirmed date in the field 'AB supplier'. This data is then automatically transferred to the order item and the status of the item is set to "Order item confirmed". You can also edit the delivery date by double-clicking in the order item. If several items are confirmed, you can select several order items in the window 'Order items (all)' and drag them with the left mouse button into the window 'Delivery date confirmation'. You can then enter the AB number and the confirmed appointment again. These data are saved in the items and the status is automatically set to "Order confirmed". Press 'OK' to save the data. Please enter the supplier 's order confirmation number, then select the order item (s). When the supplier confirms the desired delivery dates, you can simply press the OK button. If the delivery date is different, you can either enter the confirmed date in the Delivery date field or you can edit the date of an item in the list by double-clicking on it. You must press the OK button to save the changes. The window is then automatically emptied. If you have already confirmed an order confirmation number and you only want to change the delivery date, simply leave the AB supplier field blank, change the item(s) by double-clicking. The desired changes are immediately written into the database. You can select an order by entering the desired number in the Order field and confirm with RETURN. If you want to open the order selection window, you can select the button / menu item "Order". Module name: deliconf.mod. Classes: CX_PURCHASE_ORDER.