dispobom: With this module, the complete structure of a parts list - i.e. including the structures of all subordinate assemblies - can be changed in a production part role in order to better reflect the actual manufacturing process of the part in production. In design, assemblies are often only formed from a purely functional point of view, i.e. a "constructive" product structure is created which does not correspond to the "dispositive" product structure. Such deviations between the "constructive" and "dispositive" view of a bill of material can occur when a bill of material individual items within a subordinate assembly of this parts list are not first pre-assembled to this assembly in the production process, but are built directly into the higher-level assembly in one go(constructive assembly), individual items of the same level do not flow simultaneously, but at different times into different, higher-level(MRP-extended) assemblies (e.g. in the case of subordinate, individually loose parts that must first be provided for final assembly), or individual items are only prefabricated as sub-assemblies - not provided for by the design -(purely disposable assemblies). So if an assembly is declared as a so-called"constructive assembly" on the production part, this level is completely omitted in the MRP view of each higher-level assembly of this production part. If a "dispositive assembly" is declared on the production part, then items from different, subordinate assemblies can be "shifted dispositively (up)" into this assembly, i.e. the vertical range of manufacture of these items can be reduced. Finally, by defining a"purely dispositive assembly", individual items from any structure depth of the parts list can be combined to form a new part, a new assembly. The constructive product structure of a production part, which is built up from the point of view of design, can therefore differ considerably from the production-oriented dispositive product structure of the same production part, which also changes the structure of the part requirement. The restructuring of a product structure from the constructive to the dispositive type is defined on the basis of dispositive assembly objects which are added to a production role of a part. Input window: An MRP assembly always refers to the production part whose MRP product structure is to be changed. If the production part itself does not have its own bill of material, i.e. if it is a purely MRP assembly, a bill of material can be freely specified, otherwise the specifications for the bill of material of the production part apply. With the button the constructive, with the button the dispositive product structure can be called up. If a production roll has a bill of material and if the MRP assembly contains an entry for a part from a subordinate assembly of this bill of material, this part is "pushed" below this production part when the production bill of material is exploded (reduction of the vertical range of manufacture) - according to the new MRP product structure. This also applies to purely MRP assemblies, the only difference is that in this case the production part itself does not have a bill of material, but this is specified in the purely MRP assembly itself (reduction or increase of the vertical range of manufacture). This purely MRP entry is then visible both in the initial production role (the freely selected parts list) and in the production role of the intermediate part, the purely MRP assembly. Fields. Available product structure: The MRP product structure shows how the bill of material is later processed in production, or how the parts are planned or installed. The dispositive product structure of the parts list is displayed as a tree. The button in the upper left corner allows you to call up the constructive product structure. The following symbols are used:. Constructive product structure: The constructive product structure of the parts list is displayed as a tree. The button in the top left corner enables the MRP product structure to be called up (see also the symbols used there). Disposable assemblies: This window is used to display all the MRP assemblies of a production part and all the MRP assemblies registered in the system. Module name: dispobom.mod. Classes: CX_DISPOSITION_BOM.