domadecl: Domain declarations are used to divide classes in the database into domains. The bit pattern specifies the domain in which an object is to be placed when it is created (write) and also specifies which domains are permitted for read access (read). The domain declarations defined with this module can then be assigned, for example, to a client, a warehouse or a cost centre as so-called domain holders. In the most common case, domain declarations are used to separate financial accounting accounts of different clients - with the same system usage. For this purpose, the same chart of accounts, the same customers, suppliers, etc. are used across all clients, only the account assignment data (value accounts) themselves are separated by domains. Input window: This window is used to maintain domain declaration objects. In addition to the identification, description and assignment to a class, the first 8 bits of the domain can be specified when writing and reading. For writing, only a single bit can be specified, for reading, several different domains can be allowed at the same time. List window: Used to list the domain declarations. Selection window: This window is used to select a domain declaration. Copy domain declarations: The domain declarations selected in the list window are listed again in the lower area of the copy window for checking purposes. After pressing the "Copy" button they are copied and overwritten with the information in the window. This allows you to quickly copy related domain declarations from one company code to another company code. Module name: domadecl.mod. Classes: CX_DOMAIN_DECLARATION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: domadedt.mod. Classes: CX_DOMAIN_DECLARATION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: domadsel.mod. Classes: CX_DOMAIN_DECLARATION.