ecvatsta: This declaration must be made by every company that is entitled to deduct VAT and makes cross-border tax-free shipments to other companies within the EU in addition to the advance VAT declaration. It contains the following information: the value added tax identification number (VAT ID number) of the company (master company) which carried out the intra-Community deliveries or contract processing the VAT ID of the acquiring or commissioning company (company master). Via the Internet address http://www.bzst.bund.de the entrepreneur can have the VAT registration number of a customer in another EU country confirmed at any time and according to information from the Federal Central Tax Office (BZSt). After entering their own VAT registration number and the VAT registration number of the foreign customer to be confirmed, the information is compared with the database of the respective tax authority of the foreign customer. the sums of the tax bases of intra-Community processing operations for each contracting authority whether the transaction is a supply, a service or a triangular transaction The following should be noted in order to carry out the ZM electronically. The data of the form can be filled in directly via an import of the data previously exported with this module. The ZM declaration can be called up for individual accounts or for structure nodes of a classification term populated with accounts. Note: Before using this module, it is advisable to classify the revenue accounts according to delivery or service accounts. Classify accounts: In order to be able to automatically allocate transactions as goods or services, it is advisable to mark the revenue accounts concerned in advance as accounts for goods or services. The marking is done via the attribute "delivery or service" (deliveryOrServiceEnum), which can be stored in the system in various ways:. List window: From this window you can call up the recapitulative statement. Essentially, the time period and the corresponding intra-Community profit and loss account/revenue account must be specified. You can also select a structure node of an evaluation group. The accounts assigned under this structure node are included together in the evaluation. If there are entries in this selected P&L account/revenue account in the selected period that do not have a subledger account as a contra account, these are listed as differences in the differences window after the list has been built up. The totals are displayed below the list. The first line of the totals fields is the summation of the entries in the list. The second line of totals contains the values of the selected account(s). The balance value of the list entries must match the balance value of the selected account(s), otherwise the difference is output in the field below, which should then match the entry in the difference window. Depending on the call-up type of the list, the context menu (right mouse button) is different: Context menu for cumulated list Context menu for individual listing of account postings Double-clicking on a list entry opens the editing window of a booking. Editing window: In this window, individual bookings can be edited with a view to their processing within the recapitulative statement. Differences window: In this window, the P&L account/revenue account postings are displayed that have no counterpart account for any person. The difference displayed in the window header is the sum of the difference values of all list entries. This sum should be equal to the total difference of the account balances in the list window. Double-clicking on a list entry displays the complete booking document in the journal. Right-clicking opens the navigation menu context sensitive. Implementation: All open item postings (CX_OPEN_ITEM_TXN) belonging to the selected account and posting periods are added together. Module name: ecvatsta.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION.