floatfil: In addition to enquiries (= planning) and work orders (= processing), digital circulars (= notification) are the third pillar for carrying out tasks. Each document defined in CyberEnterprise® (e.g. invoice, order, goods receipt, etc.) is subject to one or more predefined business processes. Within such business processes, a document passes through the statuses specified by the business process, e.g. an order can have the status "partially delivered" with regard to the delivery process. In addition to these processes - which are firmly defined by corresponding specifications of the company process organisation - such processes must also be possible in which a user can freely decide who, when, should receive which document for inspection, checking, etc. These freely definable workflows correspond to the circulation folders common in newspapers or magazines, for example, which readers pass on to each other. In CyberEnterprise® (digital) circular files can be created for all documents, but also for any associations to e.g. documents, Excel, Word or pdf files, etc. and passed on electronically between the users. Each user recognises the processes to be processed by him in the folder "My circulars". A digital circular should always be used when direct e-mailing of documents between employees is not sufficient in terms of transparency of an entire process, as the employees' e-mail accounts cannot be viewed by third parties. The mask for creating a new circular depends on the progress indicator of the start state of the selected business process. If a new circular is created directly from a document via a menu item that may be present there in the maintenance screen or via the icon is created, the system checks whether this document has already been assigned to a circular with the same business process. If this is the case, the circular cannot be created in this direct way, but the circular must first be created and the document must be assigned to this circular as an association afterwards. A circular is also only entered as a successor document (in addition to the association) if the circular was created directly from a document. Creating a business process: To create a business process for processing the digital circulars, follow the steps below:. Parallel processing of a task: Floating files are usually processed sequentially. The circular is assigned to the start status - i.e. the first task to be processed - of a workflow and the processing of the data results in the subsequent task until the workflow is completed. A first simple parallelisation of this process is the simultaneous processing of a task by several responsible persons (employees or working groups). This is initiated by the multiple selection of employees/working groups when a task is forwarded. In this case a subtask is created for the subsequent task for each selected responsible person. The possible persons responsible for processing a circular in a status are determined by the status (see: definition of responsibilities). When processing the subtasks, the resources work simultaneously on the same data to be processed of the current task of the circular. This also means that each resource could process and complete the task on its own. Each resource finishes its part of the task by clicking the "Done" button. This causes the task to disappear from the pool of tasks to be completed by the resource. At the latest when the last resource finishes, all data of the task must have been processed so that a follow-up task results. If this is not the case, the completion message is aborted with a corresponding information message. The task is completed by forwarding the circular. If a task is processed by one resource in one, the subtasks of the other resources are marked as completed. Rules can be defined with regard to the responsibilities and completion notification by a responsibility (conditional responsibility and conditional completion notification). Parallel processes and follow-up processes: In parallel running processes and subsequent processes, new circulars are created as successors of an activity by branching to a status of another business process. Input window: This window is used to edit (the current (sub)tasks of a circular. This window is also opened during the initial creation of a circular if the progress indicator of the start state of the selected business process is empty or 0. Otherwise, the direct forwarding window is opened when a circular is created for the first time. The purpose of the distinction between the two windows is that the first creator of a circular sees himself as the initial processor in the workflow with the circular in the input window, while in the forwarding window he only initiates the processing. Forwarding window: This window is opened only when a circular is created for the first time if the progress indicator of the start state of the selected business process EQUAL is empty or 0. Otherwise, the normal input window is opened when a circular is first created. The purpose of the distinction between the two windows is that the first creator of a circular sees himself as the initial agent in the workflow with the circular in the input window, while in the forwarding window he only initiates the processing. List window: This window is used to list and search for floating files. Selection window: This window is used to select floating files. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Introduction: Circulars are controlled by business process objects (CX_WORKFLOW). These should always begin with FLOAT_FILE_xxx as the identifier (uniqueID) to enable a quicker distinction. A distinction must be made between the different workflows for specific business transactions, i.e. the workflow mechanism of the circular file itself. These business processes are to be assigned to the classification term "WORK_FLOW" and therein to the node "FLOAT_FILE". Each activity - regardless of the workflow - is always controlled by the business process FLOAT_FILE_ACTIVITY, which usually only has the statuses "Received", "In process" (after the activity has been called/read for the first time: slot read.date available) and "Completed" (slot end.date available). Module name: "floatfil.mod. Classes: CX_FLOAT_FILE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: floatedt.mod. Classes: CX_FLOAT_FILE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: floatsel.mod. Classes: CX_FLOAT_FILE.