forecast: With this document, order and/or sales planning can be carried out simultaneously. For an order planning, planned/expected sales are entered in a future statistical period. In addition to the planned turnover value and the statistical period, further data such as customer, project, industrial plant, cost centre etc. can be entered. For the purpose of sales planning, sales groups or parts can also be entered with their characteristics and quantities. An order planning made for a certain statistical period should not be deleted in the system if the incoming orders could not be realised. Instead, if the sales volume is still expected, the order planning document should be copied into a new statistics period. (This does not necessarily have to be the following statistical period) This newly copied document will then become the successor to the original planning document. This procedure must be followed to avoid double planning. Successors of an order planning can also be orders or order items. Both the order planning document and the order should have the same statistical period. Deleting an order/sales planning document is only possible in incomplete statistics periods. If a sales planning document becomes a sales planning document by specifying a part and its quantity, it can be further processed logistically by means of an advance requirement. On the basis of the order/sales planning documents, an order entry/sales planning statistic can be created. Input window: This window is for maintaining order/sales planning documents. List window: This window is for listing order/sales planning documents. Selection window: This window is for selecting order/sales planning documents. SOF-predecessor selection window: Via this selection window, the SOF document can be defined as the successor of an already submitted forecast. Option window: Here you can make settings for the behaviour of the module. Module name: forecast.mod. Classes: CX_SALES_ORDER_FORECAST*. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: forecedt.mod. Classes: CX_SALES_ORDER_FORECAST*. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: forecsel.mod. Classes: CX_SALES_ORDER_FORECAST*.