generalLedgerBalancesStructureList: If balance sheet and/or P&L accounts (G/L accounts) and/or person accounts (customers, suppliers, employees, commission recipients) are structured by means of classification terms of the type "balance sheet framework", account (balance) evaluations can be created by means of this module. Analogous to this module, there is a cost type evaluation for cost accounts (cost type and cost centres) within the framework of business accounting.For each structure main node and sub-nodes, the current debit/credit values with balance of the selected posting period (period costs), the opening balance and the cumulated debit/credit values from the beginning of the fiscal year belonging to the posting period up to the specified accrual period - or optionally up to the end of the corresponding fiscal year - are displayed with the closing balance.If the selected structure contains nodes with the structure ID "ASSET" (to identify the active side) and "LIABILITY" (to identify the passive side) and if G/L accounts are inserted in it that have the identification balance exchange, the accounts are either suppressed or output according to their active or passive balance. Optionally, the accounts organised in a structure node - with their corresponding period, opening and closing values - can also be output. It is also possible to specify whether or not the person accounts assigned to the totalisation accounts should also be output. For personal accounts, the - freely definable - balance due can also be output. If several domains are assigned to a client, the account evaluation can be called up for individual domains or cumulatively for several domains at the same time. If additional company codes are defined within a client, the account evaluation can be called up for the selected company codes (also subtractively). Functionality: The left part of the window shows the selected structure. Depending on how far this tree is expanded, the values are displayed in the right part of the window. Optionally, you can set whether you also want the accounts organised in a node to be expanded and thus listed in the right part. Option window: All settings for the preparation of the account evaluation can be made here. The window can only be closed via the "OK" button. Module name: glacbstr.mod. Classes: CX_GENERAL_LEDGER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages.