indexmgr: Shows each index in the database with all its information. It also offers additional functions that allow you to maintain the indexes manually or automatically. The Index Manager offers evaluation possibilities of the existing indices by searching for "double keys" or "classes without index". An index can be active or inactive, i.e. an index is first registered in the index manager with all required data, but it cannot be created/not be active. An overview of which indexes should be created can be found in the guide to indexes for queries. Input window: This window is used to maintain indexes. When creating a new index, it is mandatory to specify the data field/access expression and select a class from the drop-down menu. If a retrieve instruction is used in the data field specification, a security query is displayed. (see Retrieve). List window: This window is used to list indexes. The Index Manager serves both as an information window and as a tool for editing indices. For example, under the menu item 'Edit' you will find functions for deleting, editing and creating an index. The creation of a new index is done via the menu item 'Create new index'. Via the now opening input mask, you can create a new index. The menu item 'Edit index' takes you to the same input mask with which you can edit the previously selected index in its options. To delete, select 'Edit' -> 'Delete index'. Here you have the choice to delete the index with the function DropIndex (recommended) or with RemoveEntry. DropIndex is used to completely delete the index from the database and the IndexManager, while RemoveEntry removes the index from the IndexManger only (this index can no longer be created with changed options). Searching for classes without indexes The menu item "Classes without indices" opens an information window. Here one selects a class from the enumeration, from which all derived classes are checked for indices via their REP. Search REP collections without index: Here you select a class from the enumeration, from which all derived classes are checked for indices via their REP. Module name: indexmgr.mod. Classes: CX_INDEX_MANAGER.