intrastat: In the context of the compilation of intra-trade statistics by the Federal Statistical Office of the Federal Republic of Germany, enterprises are required to report their trade in goods to and from other EU countries. The AppsWarehouse® module for Intrastat reporting compiles these data from incoming goods, direct deliveries and outgoing delivery notes for specific periods and prepares them for online transmission via the Internet to the Federal Statistical Office. For such Internet registrations, the Federal Statistical Office provides the so-called IDEV reporting system (Internet Data Collection in the Network of the Federal and Länder Statistical Offices) https://www-idev.destatis.de/idev/.Further information on reporting in intra-trade can be found at https://www-idev.destatis.de/idev/doc/intra/hilfe.html.Instructions for completing the IntraStat reports can be found at https://www-idev.destatis.de/idev/doc/intra/doc/Intrahandel_Leitfaden.pdf. List window: This window is used to create, process and list the period-specific goods movements from delivery notes, goods receipts and direct deliveries. On the left side, a period to be displayed can be selected, on the right side the relevant goods movements from delivery notes, goods receipts and direct deliveries are displayed. If a monthly period is selected in the left part (tree view over the periods) and thus the documents are displayed on the right side of the window, the monthly period can also be deleted again using the right mouse button. The tree is divided per client. Therefore, if there are several clients, the system checks for each document whether a predecessor can be determined. If so, the system checks to which client the cost centre of the predecessor is assigned. The document is posted in the IntraStat of this client found. The individual rows in the list window can be edited using the right mouse button. Edit window IntraStat message: This window allows you to view and modify the details of the IntraStat message. Editing window document-specific presettings for IntraStat data: In this window, you can preset the details of the IntraStat message. The data set here are taken into account when generating IntraStat messages, but can still be changed there. Column Description Determination logic Default setting Date Output of the declaration period of the currently selected list Posting date of the header document - This date is also used to assign the IntraStat declaration to the posting period Document Output of type (delivery note or goods receipt) and number of the goods document Traffic direction A "D" stands for dispatched, exported goods (delivery note), an "A" for imported goods (goods receipt) Delivery note = "D" (delivery) Goods receipt = "A" (arrival) A direct delivery document can be either "A" or "D". The rules are as follows: If the supplier outside the home country is located in a country within the EU and this supplier delivers to the home country, this is type "A" -- It is imported from the EU to the home country. If this foreign supplier also delivers to another EU country, this document is not taken into account. If the supplier is a national and delivers to another EU country, the type is "D". The EU is supplied from the home country Example for direct deliveries (source chapter 9.1 of the official filling-in instructions): Situation (intra-Community triangular trade) A German company D sells to a Belgian company goods which D has acquired in France. The goods are shipped directly from France to Belgium. Question: Where should Intrastat declarations be made? Answer: France (dispatch) and Belgium (arrival) require one Intrastat declaration each, whereas Germany does not. In principle, Intrastat declarations are only to be submitted in the EU Member States which are physically affected by the movement of goods as the Member State of dispatch or the Member State of arrival. Country of destination/dispatch Country of destination (or country of dispatch in the case of incoming goods/direct deliveries) to or from which the goods have been moved Delivery note: Country of recipient (delivery address) Goods receipt: Country of the supplier Direct delivery: - For direction of traffic "A" country of the supplier - For direction of traffic "D" country of the consignee See also page 16 box 8a+b of the official instructions for completion . Region of origin / region of destination Region of origin (or region of destination in the case of incoming goods / direct deliveries) of the IntraStat notification Federal state of the client's location Mode of transport Route of transport of the document. Default setting is "Road transport" Transaction type Classification of the goods movement (specified by IntraStat) Default setting always "Final purchase / sale See also page 47 Annex 2 of the Official Filling Instructions . Part Number Number of the part belonging to the part roll If a part is specified on the document, it is entered here. The weight of the delivery is then determined from this part, unless it is explicitly stated there. Goods number Goods number of the part When booking IntraStat messages via the header document, the goods number is left blank by default to avoid errors. An error message "No commodity code" appears When the individual items of documents are loaded, the commodity number is searched for via the part master of the part connected to the document. This is taken over if found, otherwise it also remains empty. Attention: If the commodity code stored on the part is not recorded in the system as a combined nomenclature, the number is not taken from the part and an error message "No commodity code" is displayed. See also page 25, box 13 of the official filling-in instructions . Description Description of the part Weight Weight in its standard unit of measurement (unless a special unit of measurement is required for the specified goods number according to the list of goods) Delivery note: Net weight from colliding data of the delivery note header or sum of all items (part weight * quantity) Goods receipt: Total of all items (part weight * quantity) Direct delivery: sum of all items (part weight * quantity). The weight can only be entered if a valid commodity code has been selected, as the commodity code determines whether the weight must be indicated in a so-called "special unit of measurement". Quantity in supplementary units If it has been determined via the commodity code that this group of goods is not to be reported via its weight but with its quantity (e.g. household coffee machines), the quantity of the delivery in the supplementary unit must be entered here. To be taken from the quantity delivered of the transaction to be declared. See also Chapter 5, page 25, box 17 of the official filling-in instructions . Re. value The invoice amount in €, to be specified for certain types of business Delivery note: Value of the previous order item without freight and packaging costs. If the item itself is not calculated because a superior item has a fixed sum, there may be deviations between the value determined here and the value actually calculated. In these cases a warning message is issued on the IntraStat message. The invoice value is determined from the account assignment of the order item (first 3 elements of the accounted.amount vector = without freight / packaging ). If this vector is not present at the order item (no direct invoice successor item, item below set item or below price group), the order item value per unit is determined and multiplied by the delivery note item quantity. Goods receipt: Value from the order item without surcharges Direct delivery: Value from the order item without surcharges Stat. value This field does not have to be filled in if the goods transaction is a sale (key 11 in the transaction type field) or a commission or consignment transaction (key 12 in the transaction type field) and the total value of the corresponding shipments in the previous or current year did not exceed €42 million. This field is filled with the value of the Re. value field as default Errors/remarks Error messages and other remarks that are automatically written by this machine when the data is created. The remark fields of all lines must be empty for the transmission file to be created Warnings When processing the document immediately after posting via the preprocessing mask for IntraStat, warnings were issued, which appear here. These can be edited via the editing mask ("Warnings" button). Option window: All settings for the structure and processing of the data can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. EU Final Auditing Window: This window offers the possibility to list all final invoices for a pre-settable period. The total revenue of the final invoices without freight surcharges is displayed and compared to the total value of all Intrastat declarations reported via delivery notes In this way, a plausibility check can be performed on all reported goods movements. Module name: intrastat.mod. Classes: CX_INTRASTAT_ACCOUNT.