inventoryStratification: In this window, an inventory sampling can be carried out for inventory documents using the stratification procedure. Stratification: In the upper area of the window, the various possible stratifications for an inventory sampling are displayed for the previously selected physical inventory items. In the tab windows Layers, Full inventory and Count below, the layers defined by a stratification and those for a full inventory as well as the inventory items selected by sample are listed. If a stratification is selected, the individual strata belonging to this stratification are output in the lower list. Each stratification thus consists of different strata. A description of the upper "stratification" and the lower "strata" list can be found below. Layers" tab window: If a stratum is selected, the inventory item samples belonging to this stratum are output in the lower list. It is also possible to select several strata at the same time. Tab window "Full inventory: The inventory items of the full inventory selected by a stratum are displayed in this list. Count" tab window: All inventory items selected by a stratification for a count (sample and full inventory area) are displayed in this list. For a sample inventory item, the stratum number is displayed in the first column, for an inventory item of the full inventory area the word "full inventory". If a count result was recorded for a random sample inventory item, the column after the valuation difference shows whether the inventory item has become a shift jumper or not as a result of the count. Stratum jumpers are those items whose value no longer matches the original value stratum after counting, i.e. the new value is smaller than the lower value limit of its stratum or the new value is larger than the upper value limit of its stratum. List window: This window is used to list samples. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class.