inventry: This app supports the recording of current inventories (so-called stock corrections) as well as annual inventories in the form of one-time or permanent inventories. Since an inventory is supposed to represent a comparison/check of the (book) stocks in the DP system with the actual stocks in the warehouse, inventories are initially generated from data in the DP. In combination with the inventory analysis app, inventory sampling is also supported. Inventories are an important part of monthly and annual financial statements. As part of accounting, inventories are subject to strict organisational guidelines. Structure: There are 5 different ways of setting up an inventory: The following generally applies to the selection: If a part is invalid but still has stock in one of its storage bins, it is included in the inventory. If there is no stock quantity, an invalid part is not included in the inventory. By default, when an inventory is set up, the average price of a part in a warehouse is copied into the inventory document. This value can be subsequently changed in the inventory manually or by programme run. The date, value and quantity of the last inventory are also written to the new inventory document when the inventory is set up. This data can be viewed and further evaluated in the inventory analysis. Instead of creating a single inventory document with all storage bins, it can also make sense to create several inventory documents subdivided according to different storage bin areas. In the latter case, while an inventory document is still being counted in one storage bin area, the count of another storage bin area that has already been counted can be recorded and posted in the separate inventory document and then this storage bin area can be released. By means of the inventory analysis, it is nevertheless possible to obtain an overview of several inventories. Duplicate inventory items (same part, same storage bin) are generally not permitted by the system. Count: After creating the inventory document, a count list can be printed with which the actual count or inventory can then be carried out in the warehouse. Once the actual counted stocks have been entered in the count list, they are subsequently recorded in the inventory document. The counted stocks can be entered manually via the count list or via a mobile data entry station (MDE). Reconciliation and posting: After reconciliation of the counted stocks and the EDP book stocks, the inventory document is posted. Depending on whether a stock correction is desired or not, either only the difference is posted or the counted quantity is also saved in the system as a stocktaking quantity with date. Posted inventories can no longer be edited subsequently. The valuation on the inventory item is used to recalculate the moving average price. This valuation is taken from the currently valid average price of the part when the inventory item is created. More on this topic in the chapter "Determining the new average price". When posting, the posting of the items is divided into individual steps. This is necessary for very long inventories of many parts, otherwise the database is blocked too long for other users. If posting is interrupted, it can happen that individual items have already been properly posted, but others have not yet been posted. You can recognise the complete inventory posting as usual by the posting date on the inventory header document and the blocked posting button. As long as this is not locked, the inventory is not completely posted. Input window: This window is used to enter and maintain inventories. You can select an inventory by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". There are three views (details are described in the options window ): The count list hides all fields that represent the current stock in the ClassiX® system so that the count result is not influenced by the target quantity. These include: When posting, all totals are calculated automatically. A currency table valid for the inventory can be created at the inventory header. Position window: This window is used to maintain the inventory items. The quickest way to enter the inventory is to jump to the next / previous item with the arrow keys 'up' and 'down' after entering the values for an item. The data is automatically saved when you switch. If you select the Close button, no data is written to the database. The display and maintenance of the fields depends on the display options. List window: Used to search and list inventories. Sorting window: In this window, special sorting criteria can be made to sort the displayed items in the list. Draw number of samples: From this window, a freely definable number of samples can be taken from the inventory items in the inventory document currently being processed. After drawing the sample, only the items that were drawn by sample remain in the inventory document. The remaining items are removed from the display and kept in the inventory document as a noted item for the items originally present in the inventory document. You can therefore always select new samples from the noted item. Selection window: This window is used to select an inventory. Mobile data acquisition: This window is adapted in size and functionality to a mobile data collection station. The information such as inventory/line or storage location/article number should be scanned in order to only have to enter the counted quantity directly at the station. Options window: Here, among other things, all settings for the search can be made. The window can only be closed by pressing the "OK" button. Once options have been set, they can be saved as default options for the logged-in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu entry on the "Preferences" tab in the "User preferences" list, which can be used to save the current options. Determination of the new average price:: The determination of the new average price for parts when posting an inventory is done as follows: When creating inventory items, the current average prices are written to the document as the "old average price" and as the new valuation, as well as the current stock level of the selected storage bin as the SET quantity. Calculations are then carried out when posting: (Current total stock * current average price ) + (valuation * counted quantity storage bin) - (old average price * TARGET quantity-storage bin). / current stock quantity + counted quantity storage bin - SET quantity storage bin current average price unit of measure If a part now has stock in several storage bins, the new value will also only change the average price proportionally according to the new total stock. It is then not taken over 1:1 For a simplified explanation If the part only has one storage bin, the formula could be simplified somewhat: The first part of the formula is omitted because the SET quantity of the storage bin is the current stock and the old average price is the current average price: (valuation * count quantity-storage bin) / Quantity counted Current average price unit Example: The receipt shows a valuation of 10€/1piece. The quantity counted is 10 pieces. The value indicated on the inventory item is therefore taken over 1:1 as the new average price: Valuation * counted quantity == 100 EUR / counted quantity (10 pieces) = 10 EUR/piece Per denominator of current average price = 10 EUR / 1pc. Module name: inventry.mod. Classes: CX_INVENTORY. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: invenedt.mod. Classes: CX_INVENTORY. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: invensel.mod. Classes: CX_INVENTORY.