itemDispositionEdit: With this module, released (order-specific) production parts lists are selected before or for the creation of a gozintograph and combined to a common production lot/order network. The button "Select orders" lists the possible customer orders, stock orders and preliminary requirements. Identical or similar parts, which are also on schedule, can now be selected - even across orders - as one production lot, for which a single, common gozintograph is then generated. At the moment, customer orders, stock orders and advance requirements cannot be planned together. For example, several sales order items or stock order items may be combined, but not, for example, a sales order item and a preliminary requirements item. Although the actual further processing of the gozintograph generated in this way takes place in the"Parts request" module, optional specifications for the automated further processing of the gozintograph can already be made in this parts scheduling module: Automatic determination of the disposition type, the procurement time and execution of a first parts scheduling as forward or backward scheduling. During the automatic construction of the gozintograph, variant parts are checked again to see if the feature bar is fully developed. If this is not the case, the construction of the Gozintograph is aborted. (A corresponding "Test Create Gozintograph" can be carried out in advance). In the case of variant parts, a new attempt is also made to find a suitable lower part: if this is successful, the variant part is replaced by the lower part in the gozintograph. The gozintograph is built up in two phases, the progress of which is shown in the bottom status line of the mask: Phase: Sorting the parts lists according to parts and production stages Phase: Building the Gozintograph Important note: Basically all parts of the selected production parts lists are transferred to the Gozintograph. There is, however, one exception: If BOM items have been marked as"constructive assembly" in the master data, these entries will be read over, only the parts underneath (= the BOM items of the BOM item marked as constructive assembly) will be included in the Gozintograph - increased by one production level or decreased by one disposition level. Although in the modules for BOM maintenance the indicator"constructive assembly" can only be set if the part is an MRP production part, this is checked again in phase 2: The identification"constructive assembly" is ignored exactly if a part is no longer an MRP production part. Input window: With 'Order' the window 'Completed and exploded parts lists' opens. After you have entered an order number, all items of the order are listed which have been successfully exploded. You can then select individual lines in the list or all lines via the menu item 'Edit - Positions - Select positions'. Copy the marked positions with 'OK' or by drag & drop into the window 'Part disposition'. This processing window is thus used to compile all the order or advance requirement items that are jointly transferred to production as a collective order. All common parts of this collective order are then planned, scheduled and further processed together in the gozintograph. Create a test Gozinto: Before creating a gozintograph, some checks can be made to ensure that it is suitable for further processing: In addition to the tests carried out prior to the creation of a gozintograph, the tests carried out when the gozintograph is created are also carried out, and if they are unsuccessful they always lead to termination: A double click on a result entry in the list opens directly the editing mask of the parts list item!. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Gozintograph: In the parts master, various logistics indicators were assigned to the parts. During materials planning, the parts are then broken down according to the rules defined. When production orders are cancelled, the parts are reported to the relevant work processes in accordance with their identification as production parts, purchased parts or externally produced parts. The production planning department receives the production parts for a cross-order summary. All purchase requisitions for purchased parts appear in the purchase folder and the stock lists report the demand for stock parts. The individual types of disposition are divided here into You can then instruct the first production orders, requirement requests and warehouse reservations, which are created in the background by the system. With 'Delete' you can withdraw your orders etc. and with 'Stragglers' it is possible to create further production orders and requirement requests. The menu item 'Navigate' enables you to jump to the pre-created production order or to the requirement request. You can also return to the parts planning or view the use of the parts. Release parts request: Via the menu item 'Edit - Release part request' the corresponding instructions are finally forwarded to the following departments and the list 'Disposition levels' is deleted. Module name: itemdisp.mod. Classes: -.