jobrecrd: This module is one of several apps for recording and maintaining time sheets. Time sheets are particularly common in service industries, where it is necessary to record services for billing purposes. Accordingly, the data to be entered is designed with a view to project-related billing or for the purpose of post-calculation. This app allows you to enter time sheets individually, another app (time sheet (by the day)) is structured in such a way that you first enter the daily work/attendance time and then record the hours worked during this time - for different cost centres/cost units - as expenses. Input window: This window is used to maintain time sheets. With the "New" button you can create a new, empty timesheet. The record that was previously displayed is closed without saving. With the "Save" button in the toolbar you save your entries. With the "OK + New" button in the status bar the timesheet is saved and made space for a new, empty timesheet. With the "OK + close" button the time sheet is saved and the input window is closed. If you want to discard the changes you have made, close the screen and the changes will not be saved. The "Delete" button deletes the current timesheet object and closes the mask. The "." button for service opens an overview of the different service items which you can select with a double click. Then enter the number of hours you have spent on the article. With the "." button for cost units you can assign an order number to the effort and in the field 'Description' you can make further remarks. To insert a predecessor to the time sheet (e.g. orders, technical enquiries etc.) you can use the corresponding "." button. Alternatively you can click with the right mouse button in the "predecessor" field. As a third possibility it is also allowed to drag and drop a predecessor from another open window into the "predecessor" field. When a timesheet is generated automatically, the predecessor(s) are set automatically. Time sheets can also be generated from an order, a production bill of materials or the technical release window. In addition to the predecessor, the employee and the cost unit are then also set. To get to a "predecessor" you can double click on it or, after selecting the object, press the right mouse button and select "Edit". To remove a predecessor, right-click on it and select the menu item "Remove If, for example, you have worked several days for a cost unit, you can open the original document in the list window by double-clicking on it and copy it with "Copy saved timesheet". reproduce. If an hour entry has been assigned to a service provider group as a successor, the possibly booked planned time of the service provider group is reduced by the time logged off. Thus, the capacity utilisation shows exactly what is still open or already logged off in terms of planned time. Even if the time recording is created for a work order or service sub-item of the service provider group, the planned time of the service provider group is reduced as a result. All collected times therefore converge in the superordinate service provider group and can be found here on the processing screen under "already logged off:". When an offer is transferred to an order, all hourly records and work orders of the offer items are moved to the newly created order items. List window: Serves for the selection, listing and further processing of time sheets. Option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Technical documentation: For post-calculation or cost posting, the statistics period is used as the target period for the costs, not the date on the entry!. Module name: jobrecrd.mod. Classes: CX_JOB_RECORD (pseudo class).