loggipic: The picking list for dispatch is the hub for the coordinator, as it provides him with an optimal overview of the order items that need to be delivered. (All order items with a delivery status are displayed, the logistical status of these items is displayed in the form of the planning status) By automatically creating delivery notes and goods withdrawals from the list, the coordinator can actively intervene in further processing.By printing the picking documents from the list, the packer receives his instructions. After completion of the work step, the picking papers, which have been extended by the package information, are returned to the coordinator. The coordinator can now enter the package data and report the delivery note as packed.Furthermore, the order processor receives an overview of the processing status of his orders. For this purpose, the list must be switched from the position view to the order view via the radio buttons. structure of the list: Various filter fields are available for filling the list to search for the order items to be sent. The search is triggered via the sum symbol in the toolbar. The list shows all items that have to be delivered. These items are indicated by the presence of a delivery status. An exception are the sales sets where the set itself has the delivery status. In this case, the sub-items of the sets can be listed even if they have not been assigned the delivery status. This means that both the delivery note for the set and the picking (removal from storage, packing) of the sub-items can be carried out from the picking list. The order items can be added to the "Picking" status. This enables the sales department to select the items to be delivered and the warehouse to take over the complete picking of the parts. generation of the stock removal documents: All items that are to be processed further must be selected in the list. (All items can be selected at once via the context menu of the list). If you now select the menu item "Further processing -> Create stock removal", the corresponding document is automatically created. Of course, this only happens for the items whose standard provision is stock removal. Attention: If no withdrawal document was created for an item once, please check whether the part has an invalid storage bin with stock! These cases are suppressed so that they stand out. In these cases, the total stock is no longer correct due to the incorrect stock in the invalid warehouse. generation of delivery notes: Exactly in the previous point, the items that are to be delivered must be selected. Via "Further processing -> Generate delivery note", a delivery note with the corresponding items is then generated for each order. setting the options: At the moment, all settings that can be made in the option window refer only to stock reservations that are to be made available!. Option window: Here you can change all settings for . can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: loggipic.mod. Classes: -.