loggiprov: In order to be able to deliver products to customers or to be able to produce in a manufacturing plant at all, it must be guaranteed that the parts required for this are available at the right place at the desired time: This is called provision. This module is used for the display/further processing of parts to be provided or already provided within the logistics supply chain in a company. On the one hand, it is possible to differentiate between external demand triggers (sales order items) or internal demand triggers (storage and production orders). (For further selection options according to storage bins or only open documents, see below) A provision must therefore be made not only for the dispatch of goods, but also within the company within the framework of production. To be provided: Depending on the logistical identification (purchased or manufactured part) and the type of provision (non-stock-keeping or stock-keeping with corresponding special forms such as JIT, etc.) of a part, parts are supplied to the logistical business process from Order requirements (for purchased parts not kept in stock) construction contracts (for production parts not kept in stock) or Storage reservations If the corresponding programme steps for provision are carried out, the documents affected by this, such as part requests, are automatically transferred to the next status: Provided: Analogous to the states of the parts to be provided, the following states result here Provided: Goods receipt Provided: Manufacturing Provided: Warehouse Provided: Shipping The state "dispatch" stands for those parts which are sent directly from the warehouse to dispatch for customer orders. (The part is kept in stock and the requirement trigger is a customer order) The programmatic execution of the provision from purchase requisitions - carried out by employees of the incoming goods department - and the provision from production orders - possibly carried out by employees of a final inspection - are not absolutely necessary, but they facilitate the control over the whereabouts of parts. The provision from stock reservations - carried out by employees of the warehouse - leads in the standard system to the creation of stock withdrawal documents (stock removal documents). In the case of KANBAN parts or special material withdrawals, staging is carried out in the same way as for warehouse reservations, but no goods withdrawal documents are created for these staging types. Instead, when the menu item "Create goods withdrawal from selected items" is selected, the selected items are immediately technically staged and a withdrawal slip is printed out. After a conversion of a production bill of materials, parts request items have the status "Return to stock". A putaway must be created for these documents in order to switch them to the final status "put away" and to clear them from the MRP account as planned receipts. See conversion parts lists. List window: Depending on the selection of the staging status (see above under description) and the other selection options, the pegged requirements of parts are displayed. The button "Order" can be switched to "Stock order", "Prod.Order" or "Advance requirements". In the field to the right of the button you can then enter the corresponding number of the order to get all pegged requirements for this selected order in the list. If the search is initiated without entering a number, all pegged requirements for the selected status are displayed. (The search is also triggered by pressing the OK button) At the "Fert.Order" there is the additional possibility to enter the item number in order to display only the pegged requirements for a certain item. If the item is not found in the production order or no item is entered, all pegged requirements of the "Prod.Order" for the selected status are displayed. The parts required for a selected job are always displayed. Therefore you should not be misled by the fact that e.g. when selecting for a production order and selecting states of production (Make available from production order or Make available from production) only production orders are displayed which are sub orders of the selected production order (and not the selected production order itself). The "Only open quantities" box is enabled by default to display only the open requirements. The box "Order items" selects (customer) order items as pegged requirements. The box "Production documents" selects exploded parts list items (from sales and stock orders) as pegged requirements. In the "Cost Center" field, you can select the cost center that causes the demand. If no selection is made, all cost centres are displayed. The"Stock" User Box is displayed only when it is a staging condition of stocked parts. If "all warehouses" is specified, there is no selection by warehouse, if "only selected warehouses" there is a selection by the warehouses specified to the right of it (in the standard system all warehouses are preselected), if "no selected warehouses" is specified, exactly the selected warehouses are omitted. For the check the warehouse defined in the document is used, if this is not defined the main warehouse from the logistics account of the part is used. Special features of the staging list:. Option window: At the moment, all settings that can be made in the option window refer only to stock reservations that are to be made available!. Material ticket window: Barcode numbers can be scanned or entered in the single input field. Technical documentation: Technical description of the provision of an order item from the staging list: If an order item is selected and made available for provision via the menu Edit->Selected documents->Print, the following logic is executed:. Progress indicator in business process ORDER_ITEM_DISPOSITION: The progress indicators consist of a three-digit number, of which the individual digits have the following meaning: First digit (progress of work): 0 = only created 1 = prepared for disposition 2 = Disposition is initiated 3 = Position has been provided 4 = position was stopped 5 = position was cancelled Second digit (state in progress): The individual work progresses can be numbered by a sequence. The second digit has no fixed meaning, it only serves to represent the order in which the individual sub-steps of a work progress are processed Third digit (disposition type): 0 = General 1 = bearing parts (parts with bearing guide) 2 = Order parts 3 = production parts Example: Progress indicator 203 means that a production part has already been transferred to a production order but has not yet been staged. Module name: loggiprov.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION.