loggidac: The documents posted in the MRP account and certain data from the logistics account are displayed. In principle, only those open documents that represent planned departures or receipts should be posted in the MRP account (for example: open planned receipt: requirement request item not yet (completely) ordered, production order item not yet reported as finished, etc.; open planned retirement: order item not yet (completely) delivered, part requirement item not yet (completely) withdrawn, etc.). Based on the current stock level, the documents in the MRP account represent the future (planned) stock development in the date sequence. The stock level can fall below the minimum stock level for the respective part at any one time or even become negative. Such situations (minimum stock shortage, reorder point) are analysed in the requirements and stock list (see also date control). Attention - Irregularity with exceeded deadlines via the SCM module: When checking dates in SCM (missing parts list), note that planned receipt documents that are scheduled earlier than today and have not yet arrived are automatically scheduled as a "tomorrow" date! If an order was scheduled for 6.2.2012 and has a purchase order with the same date, but today is 7.2.2012 and the purchase order has not yet arrived, then the order is classified as a missing part and receives the shortage indicator in the MRP account. This item also appears in SCM as a missing part! (Technical note: If the variables checkInPastActivated and checkInPastGenerallyActivated are set to TRUE in SetOptions, this control is also active in the normal MRP account and the B&B list with schedule control). The disposition account can also be called up for individual company codes. Requirement triggers in the MRP account (requirement triggers reduce the stock): Project reservations with the status "started Order items Advance requirementsPart requirements (dispositions) Stock Reserves Coverage of requirements in the dispo account (coverage of requirements increases the stock) Unordered requisitions Orders Stock orders Production orders Although documents such as goods receipts increase stock, they will never be seen in the MRP account because they do not represent a future movement but already reduce stock when the document is posted. Parts consumption and parts sales The dispatch account also shows how often the part has been used in the last year. For consumption, quantities are added up on transaction data in a certain period. The movement data includes goods withdrawals, goods receipts and direct deliveries not put into storage and production orders not put into storage. For Kanban parts, other evidence for the evaluation of consumption is included, namely the confirmed order items and the further processed part request items of the part. For Kanban parts it is not possible to use the two arrows to switch to the parts consumption overview in addition to the parts consumption, as the parts consumption for Kanban parts does not appear in this overview. Consumption from order items can be viewed via the sales item turnover display. The other consumptions via processed parts request items can only be viewed via the operation folder of the part. Sorting the documents: The shortfall analysis depends on the assumption of when and "how certain" the deadlines are. For example, if the dates are given as a time span, the "true" date can be determined by making the appropriate selection. Three sorting modes are provided to allow different views of the inventory development: If required from part requests (departure date), the planned date is composed of the earliest and latest start, which also results in a time span. With the evaluation type "Strict", the earliest date of this time span is always used for the evaluation, with the setting "Medium" exactly the middle and with "Soft" the end of the time span, i.e. there is the least buffer for the real demand. If planning (e.g. stock replenishment) is always to be carried out with a little air, the setting "Medium" is recommended, which is always set in the standard system. However, if there is little space in the warehouse or if the warehouse budget is always to be kept as low as possible, the setting "Soft" is recommended, whereby planning is always carried out on the actual demand date. Strictly means, therefore, that the goods are always already procured at the earliest possible date and may also lie in the warehouse for some time until they are needed, depending on how large the buffer times of the requirements were. Example (opening stock = 0 pieces): (Week 13, 2002: Mon=25.03., Tue=26.03., Wed=27.03., Thu=28.03., Fri=29.03., Sat=30.03., Sun=31.03.) Strict: Ordered goods are always late: Medium: first order comes too late: Soft: everything is fine: The document list cannot be sorted manually. Display of the current balance; balance check: The balance is carried forward into the future from the quantity available today (available stock + quantity received). The balance is increased with each planned receipt and decreased with each planned issue. Each time the MRP account window is activated, a balance control procedure is automatically performed for the part. During the check the result of the master calculation formula "AVAILABLE_QUANTITY" (the formula is defined to calculate the "ideal" available quantity of a part, based on data from the stock and MRP account; e.g: Warehouse stock + stock order + In production + Requested + Ordered + GR quantity + QA quantity - In order - Reserved) compared to the calculated final balance (the last balance in the document list). If the results are different, an error message about the difference is displayed; the difference is also shown in red below the list. It is important to note that the last column on the far right displays the MRP type with which a sales order or gozo item was posted to the MRP account, whether, for example, as a warehouse reservation or as a production order or requisition. This is particularly important if you have stock reservations listed in the B&B list for parts that currently no longer have the staging type, e.g. stock management. Then you can simply find out the document in the corresponding MRP account that was reserved in stock! If the option "Split variants" is set (see option window), and the part is a variant part, no balance is displayed, but the currently used variation of the variant part. See also variant filter. Display of the last parts sales: Above the list is another group. It shows the parts sales of the last 12, 6, 3 and the current month. The button on the right-hand side takes you directly to the parts turnover statistics. There the part is automatically selected and the sales of the last 12 months are displayed in detail. Variant filter: If the displayed part is a variant part and the option "Split variants" is activated, the corresponding quantities are split in the interim/stock and dispatch quantity lists according to the variation that has occurred. Above these lists there is a small button with a magnifying glass, which opens these lists enlarged. This also allows sorting by variation or individual characteristics. If you double click on one of the lists, a filter is set on the document list, which corresponds to the clicked variation. Only documents with the same variation are displayed in the document list. The documents responsible for the clicked quantity are also marked. This filter can be changed via the Refresh toolbar button again. If the parts consumption list is opened with a filter set in this way, the filter is transferred and now also applies in the parts consumption list. Option window: Menu Menu item Description Edit - : Reset default settings Sets and displays the default settings defined via the module. Overview of variants: In the dispo account of a variant part, or one of its subparts, there is the possibility to display all subparts of the variant part and itself in a clear list with all its stock and dispo quantities one below the other. By double-clicking on an entry, the MRP account for the selected part is called up, but the list remains in the foreground so that it is easier to click through all the MRP accounts one after the other. By right-clicking on the list, the minimum, reporting and maximum stocks of the subparts can be changed directly in the list. Technical Documentation: FindCritical Date (FindCriticalMoment ) Call: SendMsg(FIND_CRITICAL_MOMENT) The method FindCriticalMoment can be used for two purposes, whereby the way it behaves is determined according to the transfer parameter. On the one hand, you can check whether a planned retirement is possible on a certain date and what effects this retirement has on the subsequent planning movements. The parameters checkQuantity and checkDate are absolutely necessary. The sorting parameter only evaluates the hard, medium or soft data(see above). Further specifications such as checkToDateLevel have no influence on this method. What makes the functions? First of all, the test output is sorted into the dispositive movements. This is done on the basis of the date. Then all operations are run through (simulated) once and the effect of the stock change through the test dispatch is analysed. The result of this test is the return code. What evidence has an influence on the outcome? Examples: Furthermore, this method can be used to check whether and when a minimum stock shortage occurs for a part. This information is also taken from the MRP account. This method makes sense when creating the requirements and stock list. As return parameters you also get a returnCode and a returnContainer. The returnCode determines the type of underrun. Except in the case that the returnCode is 0 (all o.k.) or 16 (ERROR) the returnContainer contains the following information:. Quality assurance: Test balance difference The message CHECK_DISPO_BALANCE_DEVIATION can be used to check whether a dispo account shows a balance difference. Call: SendMsg(CHECK_DISPO_BALANCE_DEVIATION) DISPO_BALANCE_DEVIATION_CHECKED is sent back to with the following parameters: Test FindCriticelMoment By calling "SendMsg(TEST_CRITICAL_MOMENT)" the functionality of the macro and the interface can be tested via a test window that opens. To do this, simply enter the corresponding values in the test value group and press Send. The return code is displayed as the result. In addition, the variable "returnContainer" is set so that you also have access to it via the monitor window. Module name: loggidac.mod. Classes: -.