maintpaym: The conditions "Recurring payments" are payment plans of a cyclical nature. They can be used for sales orders with the order type "maintenance contract" and control the billing cycle here. A maintenance payment can be of three different types: 1. cyclical lump sum payment 2. frame + expenditure 3. expenditure. Use of recurrent payments in sales: Lump-sum payments that are too cyclical: Via the list "Maintenance invoices due", the lump-sum payments defined via these cyclical maintenance payments that are due by a date can be viewed and the invoice can be generated from them. The subsequent invoices are all generated on the customer order with the maintenance payment. To frame + expenditure: Maintenance includes a fixed frame, for example €2,000.00 per month, plus extra material and service costs. In this case a service provider group must also be defined in the order, on which a repetition cycle is entered. Below this service provider group, the items representing the framework of, for example, €2,000.00 are now entered. Sub-items can also be created with a fixed sum, for example "1 piece basic maintenance - fixed price €2,000.00". No due maintenance invoices can now be generated from this order; the invoices are generated for the subsequent orders generated via the "Due maintenance orders" list. In this case, these receive an invoice status. The invoices are created on these orders. The frame (e.g. €2,000.00) is saved as a fixed sum on the order and the created order group. On expenditure: There is no fixed framework, the orders are only settled via their follow-up orders. The maintenance order contains a cyclical service provider group without subitems. This point is very similar to point 2, except that the resulting order group does not receive any predefined subitems. Since maintenance payments are transaction-specific data, the master conditions only serve as a reference. When inserting the condition, for example in an order, the condition is copied here and therefore always inserted locally. Use of recurring payments in purchasing: In purchasing, the condition "Recurring transaction" can be used, for example, in leasing, rental and maintenance contracts (purchasing cost unit) to define the regularity and amount of invoices. In this way, an incoming invoice can be checked automatically. Input window: The input window is used to edit the maintenance payments, which serve as a template for documents, and local maintenance payments. List window: Used to list the maintenance payments. Selection window: This window is used to select a maintenance payment. Module name: maintpaym.mod. Classes: CX_INTERVAL_PAYMENT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: maintpedt.mod. Classes: CX_INTERVAL_PAYMENT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: maintpsel.mod. Classes: CX_INTERVAL_PAYMENT.