montagestuecklisten. Structural assembly: A component consists of several sub-assemblies to be assembled. In the exploded parts list you can see the subassemblies to be assembled under the main part. However, the production itself would like to save the sub-steps for assembling and scheduling the sub-assemblies and only assemble them directly when assembling the main part. In these cases, the sub-assemblies are marked as constructive assemblies in the BOM, i.e. the design sees these parts as sub-assemblies, but in production the sub-parts of the constructive assemblies all run together without the constructive assemblies. Production therefore sees this BOM as shown in Fig. 3 The subparts of a constructive assembly located in the exploded production bill of materials are moved up one level in the production order as if the constructive assembly were not even present in the exploded bill of materials and all subparts of the constructive assembly are moved directly to the position where the constructive assembly itself is located. Figure 1: normal parts list view picture 2: constructive view figure 3: dispositive view (production view). Disposable assembly: In the case of the disposable assemblies, a distinction must be made between 2 different scenarios: If a bill of material is linked in a production role and an entry exists in the MRP product structure, the specified part is "pushed" on the entry of the MRP product structure below the production part when the production bill of material is exploded. All parts which are specified in the bill of material item list on the purely MRP assembly are therefore moved from the higher-level bill of material below the new entry. To create a purely MRP assembly, the system starts from the production role to be inserted in between, creates a purely MRP entry there and selects the bill of material with its items from the higher-level bill of material. This purely dispositive entry is then visible both in the initial production roll and in the production roll of the intermediate part. Attention! A purely MRP assembly is not visible in the normal production BOM display: In the dispositive manufacturing structure, the purely dispositive assembly "Test3" appears in the end. For this part a part request item is also created. The parts cx0005 and cx0006 are then arranged below it. An MRP assembly defined by the master is a production part that does not have its own BOM and contains entries from other, higher-level BOMs in another production part in the "MRP product structure" list.(See here for technical pattern or here for further description). Instructions for setting up intermediate stages in variant parts lists: Here is a guide to setting up intermediate stages (purely MRP assemblies) in variant parts lists, which are only to apply to certain versions of the variant part, i.e. to certain sub-parts. These instructions are step-by-step, so it looks more complicated than it actually is. Step 1: First of all, all the subparts for which an intermediate stage is to be created must be selected: Step 2: The intermediate stage must be created as a variant part. Step 3: Creating the new production roll We create a production role for this new variant part, select no parts list and save. Then we insert a purely MRP assembly via the "Create" button in the "MRP product structure" group. We confirm the question with "Yes". In the newly opened window, we press the button "Parts list" and search for the parts list that belongs to the finished variant part in the search list that appears. Double-click on the entry found; it is then transferred to the small window of the purely dispositive assembly. We enter the reference quantity of 1 piece and save the new purely dispositive assembly. After saving, we can now drag all the BOM items of the original BOM into the lower item list. To do this, press the button next to the parts list. A parts list tree opens. The top level in this tree is to be expanded and all the sub-items that can now be seen are to be dragged individually into the list. Attention: The conditional items must also be dragged into the list as they are, NOT JUST A CERTAIN EXPRESSION of them! Then save with OK. Step 4: Enter the condition in the MRP assembly. Now the dispositive assembly is marked out in the parts list of the painted variant part for all subparts. However, we want this assembly to be valid only for our three versions, so we have to switch to the "Condition" tab in the window of the purely dispositive assembly, tick Condition and enter a formula in the formula field. This formula is composed as follows: 1 Part: Get the numbers from the corresponding data fields (different for BOMs, stock order items and preliminary parts costing). 2nd part: Comparison of the determined number with our sub-part numbers. Here, the numbers of the painted and unpainted subparts must be specified as shown in the example below! Formula: Step 5: Creation of the production rolls for the lacquered lower parts So that the sub-parts that have received an intermediate stage do not receive the complete routing of the entire construction stage on the top level (in which there is only the unpainted part), these sub-parts must still receive their own production role on which we only need to overwrite the routing. So we open the painted variant part, then open the editing mask of the subpart by double-clicking on the corresponding subpart, select the menu item "Edit->Part Rolls->Production Data", then change the number in the production role mask of the variant part and save. When saving, an important question appears asking whether the production data should apply to the sub-part. Be sure to answer the question with "Yes". Now a new production role has been created for the bottom part. We click with the right mouse button on the entered routing and select the entry "Create". The editing screen for the new routing opens, which immediately receives the number of the lower part. It can be saved immediately. Then insert the new routing item "Final painting" and save it. Now the number of the routing can be noted and the mask closed. The production role is now connected to the new routing and can also be closed. Back to the part master mask. The next sub-part is marked and a production role is inserted. The routing that we have just created is now also searched for here via the "Routing" button, selected and connected by subsequently saving it. The same applies to the third sub-part with intermediate stage.