mt940edt: This module allows to import account statements, which are provided by banks in the context of online banking as files (*.STA) in MT940 format, into ClassiX® and to transfer them to the financial accounting. On the basis of the imported data, the module automatically determines the appropriate account assignment, e.g. by searching for invoice, customer or other numbers or specific usage texts. This initial account assignment can also be carried out or maintained manually by the user. Since banks usually transmit the data from different accounts in only one file, options can be used to set whether the statement data of accounts (and/or banks) not defined in the system should simply be read over. It can also be specified in the data of current accounts stored in the system whether these should not be read in. If data from a file has not been read in, a corresponding warning message is issued. If individual (or all) postings on a bank statement have been automatically pre-assigned or post-processed, these (or the bank statement as a whole) can be transferred to financial accounting. List window: In this window, the account statements are read in, listed and processed for transfer to the financial accounting. The upper part of the window (bank statements) contains the list of all the bank statements found in the file. Each sheet of an account statement is listed in a separate line. Right-clicking on any entry in the upper list opens a context menu for editing. If one of these listed bank statements is selected, the postings imported from this bank statement are displayed in the lower part of the window (postings). Accounts can be assigned to the individual postings by using the right mouse button or by double-clicking on them to branch to the maintenance of this data(transaction window). When importing, the system automatically tries to assign the transmitting bank, including the business account concerned and its corresponding financial account, to the bank statement and to assign the individual postings to an account. Right-clicking on any entry in the lower list opens the context menu for editing. The data fields read from the file are shown in blue in the lists, the data fields assigned from the database are shown in green (cyan). Transaction window: In this window, you can maintain the data of each transaction of a bank statement. The fields marked in grey are only displayed and cannot be edited. Option window: In this window, you can specify options for processing a bank statement. Transfer to financial accounting: If a selected account statement is posted, several financial accounting documents - each separated by posting period - may well be created. These can then be further processed in the booking module from the list of unbooked documents. If a bank statement contains entries without value, these are not transferred to the accounting system. Bank statements entered in the financial accounting system cannot be subsequently changed. Many context-sensitive functions, such as finding partners, are also deactivated. Module name: mt940edt.mod. Classes: -.