objctsql: Based on SQL (Standard Query Language), this module can be used to query data from the object-oriented database of ClassiX®. A common use of SQL is to output certain data fields (using the SELECT statement) from a table (specified with FROM) as a result list under certain conditions (specified with WHERE). Similarly, a list of objects can be selected in this module from which data can be output (FROM "REP collection"). The objects of such a list belong to a certain class or a class inherited from this class. Therefore you have to consider which ("SELECT") data fields you select, furthermore you can query any free data fields (slots) from the objects. Due to the use of an object-oriented database, the selected data fields - nested within themselves - can be references (POINTER or REL_1M) to other objects. This module supports the construction of such data access paths by simple navigation to the referenced classes, such as reference_to_object_1.reference_to_object_2.reference_to_object_3.target_data_field_in_object_3 (the individual references are connected with "." each other). Since such access paths can also contain function or method calls, the classes also output their methods. Once you have selected your ("SELECT") data fields, you can further specify the selection of data to be displayed by a ("WHERE") specification, which must be specified here in the form of a query expression or InstantView® script. The result of the script must always return either TRUE/an Object/1 or FALSE/INVALID/0. After entering all criteria, the result list is displayed in a separate window as an object list. Selection window: In this window, the "SELECT", "FROM" and "WHERE" data analogue to SQL are entered. Object list: This window is used to list the objects selected by the query. The data fields defined by "SELECT" are output as columns of the list. Double-clicking on an entry in the list opens the edit mask of the currently selected object. Module name: objctsql.mod. Classes: all classes stored in REP collections.