opitdunn: Open items can be dunned via the dunning modules. The usual procedure is to have the system automatically make reminder proposals after entering a few selection criteria. These are processed in the reminder suggestion list, the reminders are then created and can then be revised and possibly reprinted. Reminder suggestion list: You can display the total for all dunning proposals and select, remove, add, print or display background information on open items and, if necessary, edit them before you start printing the dunning notices. Furthermore, you can, analogous to the payment proposal list, add further OPs to the existing dunning proposal list by 'Drag-and-Drop' or via the menu item 'Further dunning proposals' à Please do not forget that the checkbox 'New structure' must not be ticked if you want to add to the existing list. Otherwise the list will be newly created. By double-clicking on a reminder proposal, it can still be edited individually. In addition, fixed due dates, independent of the document data, and also an internal note can be entered via the 'Text' field. Then start the reminder printout via the menu item 'Reminders'. Create reminders: The input fields should be filled in sensibly. For example, the last payment was usually received two days ago and the new payment deadline is one week. Then reminder fees and interest on arrears can be specified and the raising of the reminder level can be forced or omitted. The creation of reminders can be terminated with an error message if the reminder amount (the sum of all invoices and payments made) is negative. This may be the case if payments have not been linked to open invoices and the invoices are not dunned, for example because they are due. In this case, you can link the payments and call up the dunning proposal list again, or remove the corresponding payments from the dunning proposal list manually via the menu. The error message results in not only the reported customer not being dunned, but none at all. Finally, the preset standard document for reminders is displayed if the option "output automatically" has been set. If necessary, another document can be used here if other documents have been created as documents in ClassiX®. If all open items, which were combined in one dunning notice, were created in the same foreign currency, the dunning notice generated is also issued in this foreign currency. If the former is not the case, the amounts are always displayed in the local currency. Care window reminder: This window is used to maintain an already created reminder. List window: This window lists the reminders saved in this machine. Quality assurance: Test framework for the creation of open item reminders. Module name: opitdunn.mod. Classes: CX_OPEN_ITEM_DUNNING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: opitdedt.mod. Classes: CX_OPEN_ITEM_DUNNING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: opitdsel.mod. Classes: CX_OPEN_ITEM_DUNNING.