origpart: With this module, proofs of origin can be created for individual items of customer or warehouse orders. This is a list of all those purchased parts for which the respective suppliers cannot explicitly provide proof of valid certificates of origin (origin EU) at the time of delivery (the value of the non-originating goods in a delivery item determines the amount of import duties for some countries). Such declarations can be made by companies acting as "approved exporters" by the customs authorities. Alternatively, a list of the purchased parts clearly declared as originating, as well as a list of all purchased parts - regardless of their originating status - can be issued. The following information on the origin of a product can be entered(if an identifier is no longer valid from the date - as it is older than one year - the system will place a "?" in front of the identifier for further verification. e.g. "?N"): Description Identification Original product U not originating N Reference to invoice R not specified - Requested A With regard to the country of origin, the following information can be entered(if an identifier is no longer valid from the date - as it is older than one year - the system will place a "?" in front of the identifier for further verification. e.g. "?DE"): Description Identification Country code of the country of origin DE (Germany), CH (Switzerland), . not specified - Various countries are eligible #. Functionality: Processing starts by dragging and dropping the order items (or groups) for which such a proof of origin is to be created into the list window. There are two buttons (see below) to select either sales or stock order items. The items selected in this way are identified - depending on their processing in the logistical business process - as purchased or manufactured parts, and in the process as either taken from stock or directly scheduled. Thus, not only the master information of a part is assumed: A part, which may be a production part by default, could also - e.g. due to capacity bottlenecks - have been directly procured from a supplier for the order in question, i.e. an order was triggered for this part in this order item. In this case, the part is therefore to be regarded as a purchased part and no longer as a production part. It can therefore happen that a stock-keeping production part has been removed from the warehouse for an order. In order to be able to trace the origin, however, the parts list of this production part must be exploded during the evaluation to see which parts with which origin this production part consists of. Note: Please note that when evaluating the proof of origin before the start, the system-wide validity date is set either to the reference date set manually via the options, or to the creation date of the earliest invoice of the order. If an invoice has not yet been created for the order, the order creation date is used. If the evaluation is aborted, the system date will NOT be reset to the current date, please make sure to reset the system date to the current date. This is done via the main menu "System-->Change date-->Session date", there the field "Validity date". If it is determined for a purchased part on an order position that there is neither an order nor a stock withdrawal for this, an error message is issued. Similarly, an error message is issued for a production part if there is neither a stock withdrawal nor a production-specific parts list. The further processing and evaluation of the parts is shown in the following table: A. Rules for determining the supplier, price and proof of origin for purchased parts held in stock: B. Rules for determining the supplier, price and proof of origin for purchased parts not kept in stock:. List window: List After selecting the items to be processed, the list is built up. In the following section you will find some explanations of the structure/columns of the list. The listing of each position starts with a blue-green (cyan) line, in which In the following lines - depending on the setting of the filters - all parts necessary to deliver the item (parts list information) are output. Some more detailed explanations of these columns follow: Column "Order price It is always rounded to 2 decimal places if the order price is greater than 0.01. It is always rounded to 4 decimal places if the order price is less than 0.01, provided that this does not make it zero. Procurement" column At the end of the list, the totals for the two (according to the 10% and 40% rule) value shares of non-originating goods, their share of the sales value and the total sum of the value of non-originating goods - with their share of the sales value - are again displayed. The sum line "Control value of originating goods" shows the value of the parts that were recognised by the system as originating goods. Option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Each time the main window is opened, the options described here are reset to the default settings. List of originating products: Either a transaction or an order item is transferred to the message ORIGIN_PARTS_LIST. Every found position is evaluated by a "case" branch. Already determined values which are stored in slots of the displayed container (tmpContainer): Product group: Copy(tradeNumber) Part: Get(itemPointer) Quantity: Get(quantity) Procurement price: Get(value) Value: Copy(total.value) Disposition: Copy(dispositionEnum) (Standard) Logistics: Copy(itemPointer.StructureByID(FONT COLOR="#800000">"LOGISTICS").uniqueID) (Standard) provision: Copy(itemPointer.supplyEnum) Main supplier: Copy(supplied.businessObjectPointer). Module name: origpart.mod. Classes: CX_CONTAINER.