outlook: With the Outlook module, contacts from MS Outlook® can be synchronised with persons, contact persons and employees from the CyberEnterprise® PS database. Two different modes of use are available for this purpose: import and export mode. Which mode to use depends on the system (in MS Outlook® or in the CyberEnterprise® PS database) in which a contact is first created or already existed. If many contacts already exist in MS Outlook® or if the contacts are first created in MS Outlook®, then the import mode should be used. In this case, the contacts from MS Outlook® must be manually assigned to the corresponding objects in the CyberEnterprise® PS database via Connect, as contacts in MS Outlook® are not managed clearly separated according to (private) persons, contact persons or employees. If contact data is first created in the CyberEnterprise® PS database, it can be transferred to MS Outlook® using the export mode. General: The arrangement of the areas in the editing windows is basically divided into two, i.e. independent of whether you are in import or export mode. On the one hand, there is a list of contacts to be edited in the left area of the window, and a preview area in the right area of the window, where the relevant personal data for the individual fields are displayed in MS Outlook®. Import MS Outlook contacts into the CyberEnterprise PS database: The import mode is used to connect contacts from MS Outlook® with the objects already existing in the CyberEnterprise® PS database. In the list in the left part of the window, the contacts existing in the currently selected folder of MS Outlook® are displayed. A contact can be selected with the corresponding button and is also shown below. The two buttons 'Import Selected' and 'Import All' are equivalent to the buttons in the export mode, only this one is imported from MS Outlook®. When importing into the CyberEnterprise® PS database, please note that a contact from MS Outlook®, which was not created by exporting from the CyberEnterprise® PS database, must first be connected to its counterpart in the CyberEnterprise® PS database. For this purpose, the context menu contains the option'Connect' in addition to the items 'Remove' and 'Import'. This is only available if a connection is actually necessary, i.e. the objects from MS Outlook® and the CyberEnterprise® PS database have not already been connected previously. This is indicated by the small symbol next to each list entry. If the symbol for an employee, the symbol for a contact person or the symbol for a person, then it could already be automatically determined which contact from the CyberEnterprise® PS database belongs to this MS Outlook® contact. However, if the symbol is displayed, this connection must be established manually. When the import is started, the information about this contact is updated in the CyberEnterprise® PS database. Again, it is possible to make short-term changes in the preview area. If an attempt is made to import an unlinked contact, the Connect window is automatically displayed. After clicking 'OK' the selected person will be imported immediately. The Connect window is also displayed if a not yet linked contact is found after clicking on 'Import all'. If a contact is connected, the editing window of the selected object of the CyberEnterprise® PS database can be opened by double-clicking from the list of contacts. Connect: To manually link an MS Outlook® contact to an object in the CyberEnterprise® PS database, the menu selection 'Connect' creates this input window, containing the most basic information about the contact from MS Outlook®. Now you can drag and drop the desired object from the CyberEnterprise®PS database into the lower part of the window. After a click on 'OK' the connection is established. Export CyberEnterprise PS database objects to MS Outlook: The export mode is used to export personal, own employee or external contact data as a contact to MS Outlook®. In order to export contacts from the CyberEnterprise® PS database to MS Outlook®, they can be dragged and dropped into the list from anywhere. If you select a person, you can see in the preview area which information will be exported to MS Outlook®. Changes can be made here before the export. The small icon for each contact in the list shows whether or not it has already been exported to MS Outlook®. The symbol for an employee, the symbol for a contact person or the symbol for a person means that the export has already taken place and the symbol that this contact has not yet been exported. If a contact already exists in MS Outlook®, the associated information is only updated, otherwise a new contact is created. With the right mouse button a context menu can be displayed in the list (see below for explanation), with a double click the selected object can be edited. At the bottom edge of the window it is shown in which folder in MS Outlook® the contacts are saved. By default, the default folder of MS Outlook® is always entered here for contact data. For export you can either use the button 'Export all' to export all persons in the list to MS Outlook®. With 'Export selected' only the currently selected contacts are exported. Multiple selection is possible in the list. If a contact is connected, the editing window of the selected object of the CyberEnterprise® PS database can be opened by double-clicking from the list of contacts. Outlook synchronization module: If an object from the CyberEnterprise® PS database is connected to an Outlook contact, the slot "outlook.number" is entered in the CyberEnterprise® PS database object with specification of the object type and a consecutive number, which is formed by the CX_COUNTER counter of the ID "outlook": "CX_CONTACT::53" or CX_STAFF_MEMBER::102" or "CX_PERSON::64". At the same time this value is entered from "outlook.number" in the MS Outlook® contact in the user defined field named "ClassiX". Module name: outlook.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages.