partnerCastEdit: This app is used to create and delete partner-role relationships. Several roles can be assigned to each partner, e.g. a company and/or a person can have the role "customer" and also the role "operator" (of an industrial plant). Also, a person can be, for example, "employee" and also "user" (of the IT system) or a company can be "supplier" and also "manufacturer", etc."Partners" in CyberEnterprise® are therefore only companies (legal entities) or persons (natural persons), these central entities are assigned e.g. addresses, bank details, private details, etc., i.e. information that is independent of the type of business relationship. The actual way in which these partners relate to you in a business relationship is defined by their role.Both companies and persons can have one or more roles. Input window: If the window is opened via a (partner) role, the second window is automatically completed. Something similar happens when opening via the partner, except that the "Role -> Partner" window is only filled if the partner has only one role. If this is not the case, it is hidden. By selecting a role, you can then access the "Role -> Partner" window via the theatre mask. Assign roles: If a company is already created in the partner administration, for example as a "supplier", and now also becomes a "customer", then you can simply add a new role to the already existing entry. To do this, select the entry in the company list and click on the role icon. Next, click on 'Create', select the additional role of the partner and add it to the existing entry with 'Select'. This automatically opens (in this example) the input mask for the customer data. Most of the data has already been taken over from the supplier entry. You can now add or change the customer-specific data in this mask. If the customer number is not assigned automatically via the register, you should assign and enter it. Then close the mask with 'OK' to save your entries. Now two roles are assigned to the company entry. If you do not see them immediately, close the mask once and open it again to display the updated list. You can edit the customer or supplier data by double-clicking on the respective role. If, for example, you have assigned the role "Employee" (of your own company) to a person and this person is also the contact person (possibly as a side job) of another company, then these are roles of the same type "Contact": "Contact person of your own company, but also of the external company. In some masks, information about a person is filled with contact data, so it can happen that you want to influence which contact should be output there, which contact is the more important one. Since the first contact found is always output, you can also change the order of the roles with the buttons next to the list. Organise roles: The occurrence of duplicates cannot always be avoided. Especially if the company entries in the partner administration are maintained by different departments and/or employees. Even if you have taken over supplier and customer lists from another system when setting up your CyberEnterprise® , redundancies will probably have been carried along. However, you can organise these redundancies subsequently at any time and thus eliminate them. In the classic case there are creditors with debit balances, in other words suppliers who are also managed as customers. However, it is also conceivable that banks or even the tax office are also customers of your company. You can easily resolve duplicate entries and organise them correctly. First decide which existing entry you want to assign the additional role to and mark it in the company list. Banks and tax offices are a special case here: If you want to assign an additional role to them, you must select the entry that is not already assigned the role 'Bank' or 'Tax office'. Next, click on the role icon. Now you have opened the role window for the supplier entry in the example shown. Mark the role 'Supplier' and click on the icon 'Change partner'. Now arrange the two windows in such a way that you can click on the customer entry and drag and drop it into the role window. The role 'supplier', which was previously assigned to the entry with '.GmbH' in the example, is now added to the entry with '.company'. Confirm this action with 'OK' and close the role window again. The company entry '.company' now has both roles, customer and supplier, assigned as properties. The entry '.GmbH' has no role assigned and can be deleted. Module name: pcastedt.mod. Classes: CX_PARTNER_CAST.