paysepa: With this module, the open items selected from a payment proposal list are released for payment by creating a financial accounting payment document and (optionally) immediately afterwards the bank data medium is created in the European data exchange format SEPA. The creation of the bank data medium in the European data exchange format SEPA can also be called up/repeated separately for a payment run (payment document of the financial accounting). The European data exchange format SEPA is only possible for payments in € (EURO). In addition, a BIC and an IBAN must be entered in the system for the bank account from which payment is made (including the sender BIC) and for all bank accounts of the payee. Post/create payments Bank data medium in SEPA format: From this window, the open items selected in the payment proposal list are released for payment by bank data medium. Creating bank data media in SEPA format: From this window, a bank data medium can be created for a payment document in financial accounting. To do this, enter the document number of the payment run (to be repeated) and the corresponding period. In the repeat run, you have the option of subsequently excluding payments by selection. Since the payments are already posted at this point, this should only be done in exceptional cases. You therefore require special access rights to this function and must then remember to maintain the excluded payments for accounting purposes. In the SEPA file format, a maximum of 140 characters can be output per individual payment to indicate the purpose of the payment (= open item). If the supplier has stored the own number, it is output in the first proof of use with "KD nnnn", then all paid documents are output with "NR nnnnn EURxxxxxxx,xx" (nnn = invoice or credit note number, xxx,xx the amount paid (discount is deducted)). If more than 5 open items are paid per payee, these will be divided into correspondingly cleared 1.00EUR payments: if, for example, the amount is 2.000,-€ for a total of 6 open items, the payee will receive a payment/payment statement with 1.999,-€ and 5 open items, as well as a payment/payment statement with 1.00€ and 1 open item. Module name: paysepa.mod. Classes: -.