pricecal: Especially in trading companies, a lot of work is done with supplier price lists. In order not to have to import all parts that a supplier has in his regularly sent price list into the database, there is the external trading goods database.Conditions "net" (are taken over in orders) In addition to the price list, calculation schemes for determining the supplier's own purchase price from the sales price stated in the price list are agreed with the supplier. For example, the price list may contain a sales price of x, and a sales price of 25% has been agreed for the determination of the purchase price. This -25% is therefore part of the calculation schema and is marked as "net" when the condition is created.Conditions "list price related" (are not taken over in orders) If customs duties are added, which have to be taken into account for the determination of the cost price in the order, but which may not be transferred to the order, these surcharges can be marked as "list price related" and can also be recorded in this calculation scheme.List price-related conditions are transferred to the order created from an order. Net-related conditions are not. They are only responsible for the calculation of the own cost price in the order. List window: This window lists the calculation schemes entered in the machine. Selection window: This window is used to select the calculation schemas entered in the system for assignment to an existing object. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Module name: pricecal.mod. Classes: CX_PRICE_CALCULATION_PROCEDURE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: priceedt.mod. Classes: CX_PRICE_CALCULATION_PROCEDURE. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: pricesel.mod. Classes: CX_PRICE_CALCULATION_PROCEDURE.