print: The functionality of this module ranges from the printing of receipts to the creation of serial e-mails and archiving files. Single print vs. serial print: The simplest version of output is the output of a single document. For this purpose, the print window is called up via the editing mask of the document. The name of the print window usually contains the number and the name of the document. It is important for the individual print out that the type of correspondence address (street, e-mail or fax address) does not control the type of output but the user. Depending on which button (Preview, Print, Email, Fax, Save) is used to start printing, the type of output is determined. The serial print can be started in two different ways. On the one hand, the documents to be printed can be selected via a specially provided selection window "Activities -> Print", on the other hand, the documents can be transferred to the print module via the respective list window. The window name indicates how many receipts are to be printed. In some cases, the window name also indicates how many receipts are to be output as fax, email or paper. In mail merge, the output is controlled by the correspondence address of the voucher. If an email address was selected here, the document is automatically sent as an email. If you want to have a look at the preview before the correct print, this is normally possible with single print. With mail merge, only the preview of one of the documents to be printed is displayed. If an email is generated in single print, it is not sent automatically, but the generated email is opened in Outlook. The user can once again skim the generated email and then send it as a normal email generated in Outlook itself. In mail merge, however, the emails are sent directly. If you want to check the content of the mails again afterwards, you can do this via the folder 'sent objects' in Outlook. Archiving: The presetting of archiving takes place in the document and is thus also defined/preset depending on the document. Archiving can be switched off (standard) or only registration can take place. In the latter case, the system only remembers when and by which employee a document was printed. If archiving is switched on, you can specify whether a Word or PDF document is to be generated as an archive document and whether this document is to be stored in a directory. The latter is recommended, as otherwise the database can become very large very quickly if no directory is defined and the documents are saved in the ClassiX database. When the print template is called up, the default settings are transferred to the archiving group, but can be changed here. If the resulting document is archived in a directory, the file name is derived from the document name, which is also displayed in the window title of the print mask, whereby all spaces are replaced by underscores. The file "Bestellung_004534.doc" is thus created from the order number 004534. If this file already exists because the document has been printed before, the file name is extended by a running index. In all cases, except when archiving is switched off, an output object is created which records the print date and the person responsible for the print. When archiving to a directory, this object also holds the path to the document, otherwise the document is held directly. The output object is displayed in the "Repeat" tab of the print mask. From here it can be opened or printed again. Email dispatch via Outlook or SMTP: If a print document is sent by email, the type of sending can be selected in addition to the file format of the attachment - PDF or DOC. There are two options to choose from here. On the one hand the email can be sent via MS Outlook. ClassiX automatically creates and sends an e-mail in Outlook. In mass printing this happens in the background without the user noticing. The e-mail is treated by Outlook like a normal e-mail and can be found in the folder "Sent Objects". This allows the user to check, among other things, that the email was sent successfully. In single print mode the generated email is opened and can be sent by the user. Sendingemails via SMTP is a more direct way. The advantage is, on the one hand, that no Outlook installation is required and, on the other, that it brings performance advantages. The latter is especially advantageous for mass printing. As the e-mail is not sent via an Outlook account, either the e-mail address of the user registered in ClassiX or a free address is used. To the user's e-mail address the e-mail is also sent as blindcopy (bcc). This way the e-mail can be archived in Outlook if required and the arrival of the copy is considered as confirmation of successful sending. The prerequisite for using the SMTP service is that the name of the SMTP server has been specified in the "System" tab in the client. Sending a fax via Outlook or a fax driver: Faxes can be sent via a mail program - such as Outlook - or via a fax driver. The settings for which of these options can be used are made in the options. With the option"Output via mail programme The sending of the fax is taken over by the mail program from here on. With the option"Output via fax driver", the name of the fax driver must also be specified in the option window. The fax driver is addressed like a printer driver, the fax number must be encrypted in the printout - depending on the printer driver, for example, in the form of a document variable. When printing, the system searches for the fax driver in the list of printers and "prints" the generated document using this driver. The fax driver then takes over the transmission of the fax. Default setting of the print document: The presetting of the print document is done in various ways. By default, the presetting of the document is controlled by the number and depends on the document type. For example, the document with the number "SAO" - if available - is always automatically selected when a job is to be printed. Interesting for the user is the selection of the standard document via the document presettings. Here, a document can be assigned to each document type, which is preset in the print mask when printing. This setting can be made for a client, a cost centre or even for a user individually. However, differentiation must also be made when determining the standard document via the document presettings. For example, a standard document is usually always determined via the type of objects to be printed. However, it is also possible to differentiate here via conditional document presettings. For example, the document can be set for the order depending on the order type. Important: If different documents are determined by different conditions during mass printing, the standard document determined via the number or the class is preset. Print mask: The document and various properties of the print can be set via the print mask and thus the appearance of the output can be controlled. The type of output (printer, email, fax, file) is also defined here by the user. Print Preview: After selecting a document, the print preview can be called up via the print mask. The created document is displayed in the print preview and can even be edited. However, these should only be cosmetic changes. Changes to the document data should also only be made via the respective editing screen of the document, as otherwise they are not traceable. Since it is also possible to print from the print preview, archiving processes can also be started here. Selection window: You can search for documents to be printed via the selection window. In this way, for example, mass printing (e.g. all orders created today but not yet printed) can be started. Documents not sent/printed: After a print operation, this window displays the documents that are associated with the document to be printed, but which could not be printed/sent automatically. The documents can be displayed via the "Open" button, thus initiating manual printing/sending. This window always appears when printing documents with associated documents, as these cannot be printed automatically. When sending by email, the documents are transferred as attachments. An example of documents associated with vouchers is procurement documents. Order reminder: When calculating the open quantity, unit errors are ignored and no open quantity is printed for the item in question. Activity document: In contrast to the output of other documents, the special feature of transaction documents is that it is not absolutely necessary to select a document. The interaction between the type of message text and the document selection is as follows: recommendation/conclusion: The presetting of the document is controlled via the document presettings just like the presetting of the message text. The following combinations are possible. If the message text of the transaction document has a header and/or footer, the presetting of the document by the document presettings does not apply. When creating an email, external documents are attached to the email. Goods receipt: The additional documents selected in the list are output as subsequent pages and should consist of free blocks. Convert MS Word .doc file to .pdf: This window is not used for advanced print output, but for converting Word documents located on the hard disk into PDF documents. Procedure. Bank Clearing Accompanying note: The Bank Clearing Accompanying Note has no class of its own. For the document presettings this means that the general class CX_TRANSACTION must be selected here. Parts Labels: The parts for which labels are to be printed are shown in the first tab "Division". Entries can be duplicated with the "Duplicate" buttons and removed with "Remove". The number of copies can be changed for selected entries using the context menu (right mouse button in the list). Double click on an entry to edit the number of copies, quantity and weight. Module name: print.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: printole.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: custoprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: delinprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: offorprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: invoiprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: offerprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: orderprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: offitprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: orditprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: paychprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: payreprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: printstd.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: purcdprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: purcoprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: purinprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: receiprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: invenprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: txnntprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: salesprn.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: dunnprop.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Parts Labels Print module: Module for printing parts labels. Module name: itmlaprn.mod. Classes: -.