prjnmoni: With this module resources can be roughly planned in advance of offers or orders. These can be capacitive resources such as work areas, work groups, workstations, machines or even material resources such as parts. In addition to the direct assignment (scheduling) of a document (quotation, internal or external order) to a project network, a network can also generally only be linked to a higher-level cost object or a cost centre. In the latter case, for example, if you want to schedule cost centre-related basic loads. The scheduling can be done in the form of interlinked and nested milestones, whereby each individual milestone can be scheduled with regard to different dates. To speed up scheduling, pre-defined resource plans can be used, in which any resources in any quantity can be saved as patterns for frequently recurring scheduling tasks. Such project networks can be assigned either to quotations, orders, internal orders or cost objects (sales projects). Input window project network: This window is used to maintain a project network. Comparison with MS Project: The module offers a matching function for MS Project, MS Project files can be imported, matched and exported again. This is controlled via the context menu in the "Network" tab. There you will find a menu item for MS Project with the following sub items: The menu item "Import" starts the initial import of an MS Project file if no project network has been defined yet. The status window appears, which shows the current progress as well as messages about the executed actions. The menu item "Export" starts the export of the current project mesh into a new MS Project file. Here again the status window is displayed. The menu item "Adjustment" contains two sub-items for adjusting the project network with an MS Project file. In principle, new information from MS Project is transferred to an existing project network during an adjustment. Changes in the project network, however, are not transferred to MS Project (see also Project management). The item "Analysis" compares the project network with the specified MS Project file and indicates which update work is necessary and whether this can be carried out. With "Execute" the analysis is also started and if the result is positive the update is carried out. The last item "History" shows the history window with all the import/export/adjustment processes carried out so far. Here the protocol as well as the respective MS Project file can be displayed for each activity (depending on the settings in the options). Status window: The status window provides information about the current progress of the import/export/reconciliation action and displays messages about the progress. There are different types of messages, which are represented by different icons: In addition to the general type of message, there are also codes that describe the message in more detail. Here is an overview:. History window: In the MS Project history window an overview of past import/export/reconciliation actions is displayed. The respective MS Project file or log can be displayed. What is included in the history and to what extent can be controlled via options. The different actions are represented by icons. Here is an overview:. Milestone input window: This window is used to maintain a milestone within a project network. List window: This window is used to list project networks. Selection window: This window is used to select project networks. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Gantt window: The following functions are available in this view :. Module name: prjnmoni.mod. Classes: CX_PROJECT_NET. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: prjnmedt.mod. Classes: CX_PROJECT_NET. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: prjnmsel.mod. Classes: CX_PROJECT_NET.