processes_bprocret. Return receipt: Based on the supplier's delivery note, the goods receipt is booked. Parts can be defined as QA parts in the master data. Quality assurance must always be carried out for these parts. If the checkbox "mandatory QA inspection" is selected when entering the goods receipt, a quality assurance must also be carried out. Incoming goods items in quality assurance have the status "goods to be inspected". These goods receipt items can only be made available or put into storage when the quality assurance has been completed. 2.2 Quality assurance for incoming goods: In the quality assurance document, goods receipt items can be inserted via the "Insert" button. During selection, the goods receipt items with the status "Goods to be inspected" are displayed immediately. With the "OK" button you can select one or more items for the QA document. Double-click to open the position window. The results of the test can be entered in various input fields for the positions. In addition, documents (e.g. test protocols) can be attached. In the field "In test" the quantity of parts that are currently in test and at the end of the test the quantity of parts that had a positive test result is entered there. The goods receipt items of the inspected and posted QA documents change their status to "provision" or "putaway. 2.3 Creating a returns document: The document can be created directly from the goods receipt or quality assurance document. You can select items there and create a document with the button to create a return document. The returns document can only be executed for quantities not staged or put away in a goods receipt posting. Goods that have already been put into storage must be used for the supplier complaint document. A return document is created for the marked GR items: In the item tab, double-click on the item to open on the position the position window: Here you can still feel it: This information will be printed on the returns document. 2.4 Extending the returns document: As long as a returns document is open, it can be extended by entering the following information on the goods receipt document button is pressed. You will then be asked if you want to add the items to the document. 2.5 Booking the return voucher: By posting the return document, the quantity in the order is offset as not delivered. 2.6 Goods are returned: A new goods receipt is posted for the original order (!) The document history now looks as follows if the QA document was also posted:. 3 suppliers complaint document: The supplier complaint document is intended for goods that are still in the warehouse or have already been booked out of the warehouse. When goods are stored, they must be posted from the warehouse via cost centre requirements. A quality assurance document can be inserted between the removal from storage and the complaint document for better documentation. 3.1 Outsourcing: The basis for the complaint document is always an outsourcing. Parts that are still in the warehouse must be booked out via cost centre requirements. 3.2 Optional: Quality assurance document: This option can or should be selected for better documentation. In this way, it is possible to understand later why these parts were rejected. With the QA document alone, it is also possible to mark parts as defective, i.e. a complaint document does not necessarily have to be created. The requirement for the order or part request item is increased again by the quantity of defective parts.