processes_supply. order item: A purchase order item or purchasing service manages all information relevant to purchasing. In order to be able to order parts, order item reels are assigned to parts that hold all the information relevant to the order. Purchasing services, such as services used for external operations, are in principle structured in exactly the same way as a normal purchase order item. For detailed information on use, please refer to the module documentation. 2. terms and conditions of purchase: Fixed terms and conditions of business can be easily integrated into requests for quotations and orders or can be linked to the supplier base by including them in the terms and conditions of the individual suppliers. Via the menu bar and the item 'Basic data - Terms and conditions - Purchasing', new terms and conditions can be created or edited for the items specified there. Terms of payment: In ClassiX® payment terms can belong to both purchase and sale. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Partial payments: In addition to the usual payment conditions, such as 14 days 2% discount / 30 days net, it is possible to create partial payment conditions in the system. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Discounts: With this module you can define discount rates and then apply them to enquiries or orders Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Packaging: With this module you can define surcharges for packaging, in order to subsequently include them in enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Freight: With this module, you can define texts for freight charges in order to subsequently transfer them into enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Pricing: With this module, you can, for example, define recurring types of pricing in order to subsequently transfer them to enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Shipping method: With this module, you can define different shipping methods in order to subsequently include them in enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. 2.8 Warranty: With this module, you can define various warranty texts, which you can then use in enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. Delivery time: With this module you can define different texts for the delivery times, in order to use them afterwards in enquiries or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. 3. stock/requirements list: In the B&B list, one can view the demand and stock of the parts. For example, you can see whether the stock falls below the minimum level. However, not only the current stock is evaluated in the B&B list, but also the planned (MRP) movements are taken into account. It is also possible to check the planned movements for their deadlines and, if necessary, to generate requisitions or stock orders directly. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. requirement request: Purchasing is prompted by the requisitions to trigger orders. Every employee of the company can create requisitions. Four types are distinguished: Personal use (consumables or capital goods) must be approved by a supervisor. Customer and warehouse requirements are automatically approved if the "Approval" checkbox is not selected. In order to have a requisition approved by a superior or to forward it directly to the purchasing department, it must be posted. The posting cannot take place automatically, as otherwise the approver/purchaser would receive the requirement coverage request before it has been checked by the processor. It is also important to note that requirement coverage requests of the type internal requirements can only be posted if a cost centre has been specified there for which the internal requirements are requested. A requirement coverage request of the type customer requirement must have a predecessor, that is, a cost object, in order to describe it completely. A further special feature must also be taken into account in any case, namely that quantities which have been ordered for internal use, i.e. for a specific cost centre, are not displayed on the warehouse account in the total "In Goods Receipt" or "In QA" after goods receipt, as this ordered quantity is not intended for general "dispositive" consumption but only for the specified cost centre! For detailed information on usage, please refer to the module documentation. 4.1 Approve a requirement request: Requisitions that have been submitted are displayed by user operations in the "Requisitions to be approved" folder of the approver. You can expand this folder up to each individual requirement request item or open it by double-clicking it. 4.2 Creating a requirement request via the stock/requirements list: You can generate a requirement coverage request directly from the stock/requirements list by selecting the relevant lines in the list and clicking on 'Create new requirement coverage request'. enquiry: Purchase requisitions are needed to determine the price of one or more items. It can also be used to request proof of origin from the respective supplier. The requests for the respective information can be created individually or together. Purchase requisitions can be generated from the Approved Requisitions window and the Automatic Purchase Requisitions window or entered manually. A price comparison between individual items can only be carried out for generated requests that have been requested from several suppliers. For detailed information on usage, please refer to the module documentation. order: For detailed information on use, please refer to the module documentation. 6.1 Convert approved requirement coverage request into purchase order: A distinction is made between four types of requisition request: Personal use (consumables or capital goods) must be approved by a supervisor. Customer and warehouse requirements are automatically approved if the "Approval" checkbox is not selected. The approved requisitions are automatically distributed to the individual purchasing staff members, since each purchase order item has been assigned to a purchasing area ("Purchasing area" field in the purchase order item window) and the purchasing areas have been assigned to the purchasing staff members(structure PURCHASING_GROUPS "Purchasing areas"). For detailed information on usage, please refer to the module documentation. 6.2 Extend order: If the order quantity is expanded or combined, it must be assigned to an order item or, for storage requirements, in a new requirement request. This assignment then identifies the order quantity in the order status as an order part for order, warehouse or cost centres. 6.3 Linking requirement request with order item: In the system, a delivery schedule of an order item can be subsequently linked to a requirement request item. This is useful, for example, if the requirement coverage request has been deleted or a purchase order already exists in the system without a link to a requirement coverage request. For subsequent linking, the requirement request and the delivery schedule editing mask must be opened. The requirement request item is then dragged into the delivery schedule line; the system then links the items in a document chain and reposts the requirement request item accordingly. 7. delivery date confirmation: This window is used for the fast entry of delivery date confirmations from suppliers for the orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. reminders: Suppliers can be reminded if they have either not responded to the requested price request or have not submitted the requested supplier declaration. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. printing: With the button 'Print, Fax, E-Mail.' you can print your enquiries, orders, reminders etc. The window 'Print order' will then open, for example. {img type="fileId" fileId="460" thumb="box" width="100%"} Click on 'Document' to open the list of all documents assigned to the document type. With 'Preview' you can view the document before printing. {img type="fileId" fileId="462" thumb="box" width="100%"} For orders, there is the menu item 'Activities - Print - Print orders'. With this item it is possible to print several orders at the same time. incoming invoice / incoming credit notes: Via the menu item "Activities -> Purchasing -> Incoming invoices/incoming credit notes" you can enter incoming invoices. The basis for this is the assignment of the invoice items to the delivery schedule items so that the entry runs as automatically as possible. Then the invoice values and possibly the conditions that deviate from the purchase order have to be entered and the invoice has already been entered in the ClassiX® system. (incoming invoice document) The first audit took place at that time. If items in the item list are marked with a stop sign, these items cannot be released automatically, but are set to the status "to be checked" when the invoice is forwarded. Above all, however, he can also use the incoming invoice status window. Here the inspector can display his items to be inspected and also gets an immediate overview of the items which can be released immediately. If an item has three green checkmarks, the cause of the check is already solved by itself. (If, for example, a GR has been carried out, etc.) (Docu Incoming Invoice Status Window) Now that all items have been released, the incoming invoice header is also automatically released. The last step is the posting of the incoming invoices to the financial accounting. The invoice receipt book serves this purpose. In addition to the function of the selection window (selection of the invoices to be posted) and the statistics, the initial account assignment of the invoices can be changed manually. (Docu Incoming Invoice Book). 11. view order status: Via the menu item 'Evaluation - Purchasing - View order status', the window 'Order items (all)' opens. Via the item 'Edit' you can have the orders filtered. incoming goods/direct delivery/interim storage: Docu goods receipt / direct delivery / intermediate storage Via the menu item 'Logistics -> Goods receipt' you can enter a new goods receipt. The basis for this is always a purchase order, so no goods receipt can be entered without a purchase order predecessor. On the one hand, the goods receipt serves to report the completion of a purchase order, which also removes it from the MRP account, but on the other hand, it also serves to provide or store the goods. Thus, the goods receipt is also a central point in the MRP chain. A direct delivery is recorded when the goods are not sent to the branch itself but directly to the construction site. In this case, the order is also reported ready, but the goods cannot be put into storage, for example. Another difference is that I cannot create a quality assurance document for a direct delivery. Intermediate storage is used when a commodity ordered from a supplier is to be delivered directly to a packaging company and from there to the customer. quality assurance: Quality assurance documentation Quality assurance must be carried out for a goods receipt if the part is a QA part or if the indicator "Forced QA inspection" has been set in a document of the document history (requisition, purchase order, goods receipt). The buyer can set this flag, for example, if he expects defective goods in advance, or the person recording the goods receipt if the first defects are already visible at the goods receipt. Only when quality assurance has been carried out for incoming goods to be inspected can the incoming goods be further processed (putaway/provision). return document: Return document A return document can follow a goods receipt, direct delivery or QS document. On the item, the defects that have occurred can then be indicated and how the goods are to be further processed (new delivery, etc.). The return document can also be printed out and then serves as a (return) delivery note. The order goes back to the "open" state by entering a return document, which allows a new goods receipt to be entered. 15. supplier's declaration: Docu supplier declaration. 16. account assignment / initial account assignment: Docu account assignment / preliminary account assignment. purchase pricing: Docu purchase pricing. supplier evaluation: Docu supplier evaluation. 1. introduction: A complete call-off order typically includes It is still possible to enter several order items per order, namely normal order items and/or call-off order items mixed as desired. By definition, normal order items only contain normal delivery schedules. However, as soon as an order item includes an "on call" delivery schedule, we implicitly speak of a release order item, without the system making an explicit distinction at order item level. A call-off order item can also contain several "on call" delivery schedule lines. For each of these "on-call" delivery schedule lines, delivery schedule lines for released quantities can then be entered. However, the system (in the current version) does not link the latter with the corresponding "on-call" delivery schedule line, which is why this affiliation is not visible on the corresponding masks. In addition to the delivery schedule lines for released quantities, normal delivery schedule lines and delivery schedule lines independent of the release order can also be entered. In the current version of the system, however, no distinction is made between the two types of normal delivery schedule lines. Tip: Due to the current system restrictions, it is recommended for the sake of clarity that per release order item to be recorded. 2. registration: Recording of "on call" delivery schedules Procedure for entering an "on call" delivery schedule: Recording of delivery schedules for quantities called off Procedure for recording the delivery schedule for a released quantity:. account assignment: Order item On the processing screen for order items the total current open release quantity of all "On Release" delivery schedules of the order item is displayed in the field Release (Slot expected.quantity: by code, not by transaction descriptions). In addition, the total ordered (i.e. already called off) quantity is displayed in the Ordered field (calculated online = total quantity - open call-off quantity). Parts Disposition Account The open call-off quantities of all "on call" delivery schedule lines are assigned to an account in the parts disposition account. The corresponding balance is displayed in the MRP stock line with type = "On call, open" (slot called.quantity). In the MRP stocks line with type = "Ordered" (slot placed.quantity) the balance of all normal delivery schedules, i.e. all delivery schedules for released quantities and all delivery schedules independent of release orders, is shown. Business process order "On call" Delivery schedules only know the status "On call" (PO_CALL). This status is assumed when saving for the first time after the entry.