processes_calculation. Description: Calculation data is recorded each time vouchers are posted. The target costs are written to all items when the part request is released. The average price from the stock account is taken, if this is not available the standard price from the order reel or the material and labour costs from the production part reel. The actual costs for manual storage, JIT, KANBAN, etc. parts are also written to the items of the exploded production bill of materials when the parts request is released. It is also possible that the posting of target and actual costs is not carried out immediately. The costs are then not immediately posted to the document, but in a night run. A special feature is that the actual costs for manual stock, JIT, KANBAN, etc. parts are only written to the exploded parts list when the production order is reported complete. Data fields: The cost of the document for the calculation is written into each predecessor. In the transaction the documents for the calculation are collected in the collection"captured.transaction". There are the following data fields for the planned and actual costs : The data fields consist of one of the cost element and type separated by a dot Cost categories Cost types Example: stocked.estimatedCosts -> warehouse planned costs without overheads. Distribution of costs: In the valuation of the unfinished products or the complete final costing, all costs are always booked as follows The costs will be added up on the following accounts: The document to be cleared is added to the document collections of the following accounts: Which data fields are written for which document can be seen in the table below. The costs can therefore always be viewed or evaluated per accrual period on the individual order sub-items, as well as on the order header and in total on the cost unit account. All costs for stock goods are divided into standard costs and overheads. General information on cost posting in the final costing: Determination of costs for storage and retrieval Goods receipts In the final costing, a negative value is always included in the valuation for goods receipts. Goods receipts to cost objects always represent a credit (= negative debit). If a withdrawal was posted for a cost object via a purchased part, then the purchased part was converted as a production part and then a goods receipt was created as a credit, the positive withdrawal value is still in the column purchased parts from stock, the negative goods receipt value is then in the column production parts from stock. Storage of level 0 parts of internal orders does not relieve the cost unit and does not appear in the final costing. Additional orders at level 0 Incoming invoices for additional orders at level 0 order items are not charged as merchandise but as purchased parts for production.