processes_localeReference. Setting the operating calendars for different production areas: First the locales must be persistently transferred to the database in order to be able to set different operating calendars Then you have to consider how many different company calendars there must be, so maybe one for the GmbH, one for production in general, and one for the production areas that also have to work when the others have time off. Unfortunately, no returns for public holidays are possible yet, so a separate operating calendar must be recorded for each production centre that has public holidays that differ from others. Edit operations calendar: The operating calendars are created by someone who has the rights to change the location-specific data in the Object-Inspector. Here, the new operating calendars are created below the federal state in which the company has its headquarters, without additional entries. Afterwards, the operating calendar to be edited can be set via the main menu "User → Set Locale". If the operating calendar to be edited is now set, editing can be started via the main menu "System → Calendars → Operating calendar". In the processing list, all public holidays are listed, including those which do not come directly from this operating calendar but are defined in higher-level operating calendars and thus inherited into the current operating calendar. These entries cannot be changed by the user. All entries added by the user appear in red letters. They can be edited and deleted. The "New" button is used to create a new entry, which can be a single day or a time period. Please note that the time span must not extend from one year to the next. After entering the date and, if necessary, the end date for time periods, the new operating calendar entry is saved with OK. Assigning the operating calendar to production areas and / or workstations: In order for the added calendars to come into effect and have effects, they must still be assigned to the production areas or directly to the workstations. This is done quite simply on the corresponding processing mask. There are "Locale" buttons with which the locale selection tree is opened. The entry selected here is dragged into the editing mask and must be saved there by pressing the OK button. That's it already. When scheduling the work sequences, this operating calendar is now taken into account.