processes_outprovisio. Description: In order to illustrate what a self-supply is, please refer to the following diagram: {img type="fileId" fileId="201" thumb="box" width="100%"} The company "Monti" needs 20 motors and 20 control units each to supply 20 pumps to the company "Pumpe". These 20 motors and 20 control units will be provided to "Monti" by the ordering company "Pumpe" "own". A self-supply item is usually in the status "Waiting demand" after creation. Waiting demand means that a quantity of a part is to be provided which has not yet arrived in the full quantity required for provision. The 2 fundamentally different types of provision:: Supplies may be required by different departments: Furthermore, there is a distinction as to whether it is a matter of provision or external production. In the case of external production, the supplier is sent the complete bill of materials for the part, whereby he only has to do the final work and does not contribute any parts himself. See extended workbench. We manufacture a part of the entire work plan ourselves, the external supplier has practically only one job to do, i.e. we receive a production order ourselves, which we have to process ourselves up to or from the external work sequence. With the typical provision, the supplier only gets a few parts of the bill of materials - the rest is provided by the supplier. The supplier does all the work himself, we have nothing to do with production and do not even receive a production order with this provision. Manual provision creation without master information: Attention! In addition to the method listed below (standard method), there is also the following: Insert an assembly set into the sales order, the part of which is a purchased part with own provision per logistics indicator. Below the assembly set in the order, free order items are now created for the parts that are provided. During the technical release, a parts request is created and the provisions and requirement requests are automatically generated! . The standard procedure is explained here using the example of the motors in the above diagram: The staging type in the item for internal provision controls how the internal provision document is to be staged for incoming goods. However, it is always processed further using the staging status list. It is also possible to provide a self-supply document via this document itself by setting the traffic light to green in the item processing mask. The system checks whether sufficient goods have arrived and if so, the document is marked as provided. The following steps are necessary in order to provide a supplier with parts that he himself needs to manufacture the ordered part:. Customer order (level 0): The part to be provided is a. Production order (level > 0): The part to be provided is a. Automatic provision creation with master information: See also master documentation for assembly sets! There are order parts for which certain parts must always be made available (provided) to the supplier when the order is placed. These parts can be specified in the master information in so-called BOMs of material provided at the supplier. In the case of purchased parts with own provision, this is a mixed form of production part and order part, because MRP and work preparation can/must be integrated into the procurement process, since some parts may be provided that must first be produced or ordered themselves. In order to set up this type of parts and to be able to plan them successfully, the following steps are necessary: Customise master information Disposition process If a part, which is defined as a purchased part with internal provision by logistics indicator, has to be produced by the customer in a sales order, this can be marked on the exploded BOM item of the purchased part with internal provision (see description "exploded BOM item"). By setting the indicator, when the BOM item is subsequently exploded, the production BOM is exploded instead of the supplier BOM. A production order with all items contained in the exploded production BOM is then also created in the parts requisition for the order part with own provision.