processes_kanban. Description: A Kanban part is a part for which there is a storage place that is replenished by the employees themselves. The system works like in pharmacies by means of a card (Kanban is Japanese and means "card"), which is located at the bottom of a storage box. If an employee takes the last item from this box, he or she must take the card and pass it on to the purchasing department. There are then so many of these boxes in the Kanban warehouse that the minimum stock level (e.g. a full additional box) is never fallen below). If necessary, production then simply takes these goods without having to create a withdrawal document. To replenish the boxes, orders or stock orders are created and booked as normal, but in the end no goods are put into storage; the stock level always remains at that of the last inventory. The provision of production order items or spare parts orders is carried out via the usual staging lists, but no goods storage or goods withdrawals are created from here. When creating the goods withdrawal documents from the staging lists (staging status and picking list), no document is created, but the item is technically staged (written off from the system as a requirement that is no longer open) and a kanban withdrawal slip is printed immediately. Safety stock: The safety stock level (SiBe) is determined and entered manually for Kanban parts. Replacement time: The replenishment lead time for Kanban parts is determined via the preliminary parts costing. Consumption: The funding will be made available as follows. stock management+stock replenishment: For kanban parts, a main inventory is taken annually, which determines the displayed stock level of a part for the entire year. This really means that there are no posted stock movements over the year. If a card is now handed over to the dispatcher by a production worker, which means that goods must be newly procured for the part indicated on the card, the following scheme applies: The kanban part is defined by a logistics indicator.