purchcre: Since the A/P credit memo entry and processing is very similar to the A/P invoice, you will find a detailed description within the A/P invoice. General: Incoming invoice credit notes are recorded and released in an almost identical way to incoming invoices. Thus, the masks for the entry look almost identical, but are still two different ones. However, the masks can be distinguished by the title and by the picture next to the number. The differences to the invoices: The first difference is, of course, that the values, even if they are shown as positive, are recorded negatively in the financial accounts. In the same way as for incoming invoices, "normal" and "free" items can also be entered for credit notes. The difference, however, is the previous check. Thus, normal items of a credit note can only be entered if the previous order item has the status "partially invoiced" or "invoiced". These "normal" items should be recorded if the credit note is intended to cancel all or part of the invoice or quantity invoiced. If the full invoice quantity is credited, the order item is again in the status "not invoiced". The other case is that a rebate/discount is subsequently credited to the invoiced quantity. In this case a credit note is recorded, but this should not have any effect on the calculation status of the order item. This corresponds to the free item, as is already the case with incoming invoices. The following aspects have an influence on the release of a position. Items that do not meet all controls must be checked manually and then released manually. A position must be checked if . . the position should be examined independently of any problems. . the value deviation is too large. . different header conditions on order and credit note were determined. . it is a free credit item . the total quantity of all credit notes relating to an order item is greater than the quantity invoiced. . the total quantity of all credit notes relating to an order item differs from the quantity invoiced. . it is a free credit item. Incoming credit notes for complaints Incoming credit notes for complaints can be entered via free positions. The complaint document must be selected as the predecessor here. List window: Used to list the incoming credit memos. Module name: purchcre.mod. Classes: CX_PURCHASE_CREDIT_NOTE.