purchaseInquiry: Purchase requisitions are needed to determine the price of one or more items. It can also be used to request proof of origin from the respective supplier. The requests for the respective information can be created individually or together. Purchase requisitions can be generated from the Approved Requisitions window and the Automatic Purchase Requisitions window or entered manually. A price comparison between individual items can only be carried out for generated requests that have been requested from several suppliers. Input window: This window is used to maintain order requests. You can select an order enquiry by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". On the Order Request card, the processor is specified by logging into the system. Via 'Supplier' the search mask of the supplier master opens, from which you select the supplier to whom you would like to send an enquiry. At the same time the system assigns a consecutive number. If you have not yet selected a supplier for a request before you add items, no order prices are specified. Otherwise, the price agreement with the selected supplier is used. For the symbols "Enter order and "extend order". security checks are made before the order is created or extended. The exact functional description is available in a separate section. The button in the toolbar "Save data in supplier agreement" can be used to save the respective selected items, or rather their responses, in the respective supplier order item. By the way, an order enquiry is only considered processed if it has also been printed. This can be done either by effectively printing it or by selecting one or more in the list window and setting the print date via the menu item. Price comparison: If you have asked different suppliers for an offer for an article, you can enter the incoming offers in your individual order requests. If you then select an individual order request item in the order request, you can access the 'Select order request item' window via the menu item 'Price comparison' and the system displays all request items containing the article. List window: Serves to list the order requests. Selection window: This window is used to select an order request. Document Preferences window: This window is for setting the document preferences for requests. The document settings can be assigned to a user, cost center, client, or partner function, for example. Module name: purinqui.mod. Classes: CX_PURCHASE_INQUIRY. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: purinedt.mod. Classes: CX_PURCHASE_INQUIRY. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: purinsel.mod. Classes: CX_PURCHASE_INQUIRY.