purchaseProposalsList: Parts that are marked as Kanban semi-finished products can help to replenish the warehouse manually. All current requirements of a Kanban semi-finished product are listed in the order proposal list after further processing (stock parts) of the part request.Kanban semi-finished parts are parts that are made from larger raw material. For example, a holder plate that is stamped from a large raw material sheet.This sheet metal plate is not stocked because the remaining surface dimensions in the warehouse cannot be accurately calculated by punching out certain shapes. The remaining quantity of sheet metal plates is estimated for each requirement and either reordered via the order proposal list or simply rejected. All parts requisition items run in Kanban semi-finished products end up in an order proposal list with the status "order proposal" until either an independent warehouse order is triggered directly from it, or the items are rejected via a button.The order proposal list shows all requirements of the semi-finished product across all orders. Only from the overall context across all orders is it reliably possible to make an estimate as to whether a raw material is better ordered or still sufficiently available. Therefore, the list is created without restrictive search fields. It must always be kept clean.Regardless of whether rejected or ordered, the parts request item is then posted to the status "Provisioned: Stock" is posted. By means of a date (decline.date = rejected or approved.date = used as template for warehouse order), statistics can subsequently be built up for evaluation purposes.The goods, if they are ordered from the list and provided via a goods receipt, are put away like a Kanban part, namely without a putaway document. With the provision of the goods receipt, the goods receipt is put away.The warehouse stock is only determined once a year by an inventory and remains unchanged throughout the year.The Kanban semi-finished parts do not appear in the Kanban list of production, their replenishment time is determined as for JIT parts and scheduled in the Gozinto.The decision whether a raw material is ordered in the order proposal list or not does not change the lead time of the Kanban semi-finished product.From here they can either be rejected or an independent order can be created for them to replenish their stock.Then the part request items are set to the status "Ready: Stock" and no longer appear in the order proposal list. List window: The list contains all parts requisition items via Kanban semi-finished parts that have not yet been further processed via this list. A double click on the list opens an extra window in which all attributes of the marked position are listed with their calculated values. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: "module".mod. Classes: CX_"Class.