Pythia_sanctionsListMatch: In order to meet the requirements of anti-terrorism and the sanctions guidelines, a company's own business partners (persons/companies/one-time addresses) must be compared with the sanctioned persons, companies or organisations contained in the sanctions lists. With this app, a mass comparison can be carried out on the one hand with the personal and company data from the company's own host database (e.g. the leading ERP system), and on the other hand directly with the contacts stored in Outlook (not available in the cloud version). Mass matching of persons/organisations/companies with sanctions lists: This window is used to specify which master data of the host database (persons, companies) is to be used for a comparison with the data of blocked persons and companies in the Pythia database. Regardless of whether there are matches, you are asked at the end whether you want to log the result of the comparison. Logging can also be done after reviewing the result in the matching edit window. Matching: Since the data of the sanction lists for barred persons often do not have first or last names, but only a list of keywords or identifiers, and many persons due to the fact that a name can be written differently in different languages, the search is structured as follows: 1. search for first name (if known and if set in the options) and surname in the fields first and surname (e.g. with ID 6011 an Alena (=first name) Ananich (=surname) is listed: this would find her). 2. search for first name (if known) plus second first name (if known) and surname combined as search term (e.g. with ID 6028 a "Lidija Fjodorowna Teliza" is listed, but she is also listed as "Lidzia Fiodarauna Tselitsa", etc.: you would find her with this) 3. search for first names (if known) and surnames combined as search terms (e.g. an "Omar Hammami" is listed with ID 6553, without any other first or last name: this would be found with this) For companies, only the entire name is matched as a search term. Name: sanctionsListMatch.app. Classes: CX_PERSON CX_LEGAL_PERSON.