qm_rates_qm: With rate tables you can test the automatic conversion between self-defined units. At the top of the window is a list containing the Current Units Conversion Table. The units can be edited by double-clicking on them or they can be created or deleted with the buttons 'Add Unit' and 'Remove Unit'. In the lower part of the window you can now convert between the units. To convert directly from one unit to another the button 'UnitConvert' is available. However, this button also requires the existence of a direct conversion rule for the units in question, otherwise the result is zero. To convert, enter the number and unit of the initial value into the field 'x'. In the field 'y' the target unit. To convert click the button. To convert over the whole table with several rules, use the button 'UnitCrossConvert'. Otherwise you proceed exactly as above. If UnitCrossConvert is not able to perform the conversion successfully (due to missing rules in the table), a display of the way the function has taken over the rules of the table appears in the window 'Trace'. To use the arithmetic functions (the buttons '+' '-' '*' '/') the table must first be registered in the system with the button 'Register table'. Now you can enter any values and units in the fields 'x' and 'y' and calculate. To make changes to the table again or just to convert it you have to log off the table with the button 'Log off table'. The field 'Rest' shows both the remainder of the conversion process and the remainder of the arithmetic functions. With the button 'ConvertIntoSmallest' a vector with the values and units from the fields 'x' and 'y' is created and it is tried to break everything down to the smallest possible unit of the table. The result then appears in the corresponding field, if no way is found the function returns zero. The menu item 'Autotest' starts a run through various conversion and calculation operations. The results are displayed in the 'Trace' window. Under the menu 'Examples' various sample numbers can be entered into the operand fields. Module name: reload_qm.mod.