receving: This module is used to record goods receipts and assign them to orders. The delivered goods can be recorded in the goods receipt. If the order is assigned, the delivered quantity is also noted on the order items. Instructions for printing goods receipts can be found here. Input window: This window is used to maintain goods receipts. You can select a goods receipt by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". When you post a goods receipt document, the posting date is saved. The posting must be done manually, otherwise the following departments could process incomplete data. After you have selected the processor (usually specified by logging on to the system), entered the delivery note number, selected a forwarding agent and pressed the 'OK' button, the system assigns a consecutive goods receipt number. The window ' Goods receipt position of delivery note .' opens. Then complete the remaining fields with the actual delivery quantity, weight details and delivery status. In the description field you can store information for subsequent departments. Confirm your entries with the 'OK' button to save your data. With the buttons 'Insert' and 'Remove' you can add or delete further items in the goods receipt document. When you have inserted all the items, the document is saved in the system by pressing the 'Book' button. The system assigns the QA marking that has been stored for the corresponding part in the part master and sets the status to "goods to be inspected" or "ready for delivery". There is one special feature that must be taken into account in any case: quantities ordered for own use, i.e. for a specific cost centre, are not displayed on the warehouse account in the total "In Goods Receipt" or "In QA", as this ordered quantity is not intended for general "dispositive" consumption but only for the specified cost centre! You can then print goods receipt slips and the order items are set to the status "order item has been delivered" in the purchase order with the delivery quantity. By assigning the order process, the order status is automatically changed, thus ensuring that the material flow in the system can be tracked in the areas of incoming goods, warehouse and provisioning. If you need more information about the status of the goods receipt, this can be done by clicking on the button 'Display document history'. The 'Business Process' window opens. In this window all documents are listed (requisition / purchase order / goods receipt etc.) and by double-clicking you can go directly to the corresponding document. Goods receipts that are not to be entered can also be removed from the list of open order items using the function Release incoming invoice. Special feature of Kanban parts: Kanban parts are considered to be put into storage after the goods receipt has been posted. Unless the KANBAN parts must first be transferred to quality assurance, they are only considered to be put away after the quality assurance document has been posted. (see Kanban parts). Label description: Labels (label stickers) can be printed for incoming goods. These are stuck on the individual packaging units or packages that are available in the goods receipt. Thus the goods remain identifiable at all times. To open the label printout, press the menu item " Edit>Print>Label" on the goods receipt header. A window opens with a list of all positions available in the GR. For each line it is indicated how often the label is to be printed and thus in how many packages the specified goods receipt quantity is located. If, for example, 4 amplifiers in 2 large cartons have arrived in the goods receiving area, 2 should be selected as the number of labels. The labels then indicate which carton is involved (package 1 of 2) The number can be initialised above the list by radio buttons to either one label at a time or depending on the quantity for each piece. The number can be changed manually by double clicking on the line. List window: Used to list the goods receipts. Selection window: This window is used to select a goods receipt. Option window: This window is used to set the options to be applied when entering orders. Label printing window: See description label printing for WE. Module name: receving.mod. Classes: CX_RECEIVING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: recevedt.mod. Classes: CX_RECEIVING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: recevsel.mod. Classes: CX_RECEIVING.