receitem: Items of the goods receipt slips. Input window: This window is used to maintain individual goods receipt items. The goods receipt should be compared with the orders as soon as possible. You can select orders by clicking on the button 'Order' and drag & drop the delivered order items into the window (mark the line and hold down the left mouse button), or assign any part from the parts master via the menu item 'Edit - Select part'. If you have selected several order items, a separate goods receipt item is automatically created for each order item. Note: If no selection entry is made in the list Order item (all), all order items are read into the list. Depending on the specification, this means that all order items that have existed since the system was started are loaded into the list. This process takes a lot of time and should therefore be avoided. Goods receipts that cannot be immediately assigned to an order item should be given a corresponding comment in the Description field. (The field "Part" is hidden for such items.) Another employee can then more easily make this assignment later. These goods receipts can be found with the function "Unclear goods receipt" in the stock menu. Apart from "Unclear goods receipts", goods receipt items always refer to a delivery schedule line item. Thus information such as the part is only displayed and cannot be changed. Please note that the quantities ordered for own consumption - i.e. for a specific cost centre - are not shown on the warehouse account in the total "In Goods Receipt" or "In QA", as this ordered quantity is not intended for general "dispositive" consumption, but only for the specified cost centre! Labels can be printed for goods receipt items via the goods receipt header document. See the description of label printing. List window: Used to list the goods receipt items. Selection window: This window is used to select a goods receipt item. Module name: receitem.mod. Classes: CX_LINK_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: receiedt.mod. Classes: CX_LINK_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: receisel.mod. Classes: CX_LINK_TXN.