resoljob: This module is used to process order-specific production work plans. These are the routings which are generated by the system by exploding master routings taking into account the characteristics and their values specified from a production order. The term "exploding" refers to the search for entries from, for example, variant routing items or the calculation of times and/or characteristic values. Normally, ClassiX® assumes that at least a "rough" variant work plan is defined for each part in the system. This avoids having to define and enter a separate master routing for each special case in advance. Within the scope of detailed control and planning, this order-specific production routing is then adapted or designed more precisely in terms of workstations and times. The changes are then only valid for this production order item. Basically, however, one is also able to completely redefine the order-specific production work plan. Selection window: This window is used to select exploded production routings. Booking window: In this window all bookings of the selected sequence of operations are displayed. If the start of a work sequence is on Friday and it has a throughput time of 3 days, the required capacity is divided up daily between the two calendar weeks. Thus the first calendar week receives one third (only Friday) of the planned time, the second calendar week receives 2 thirds (Monday and Tuesday). The booking window now shows the first and second calendar week. Module name: resolved.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: resoledt.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: resolbom.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: resoljob.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: resolsel.mod. Classes: CX_ALLOCATION_TXN. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages.