resset: Resource plans are predefined combinations of resources (parts, workstations, machines, workgroups or work areas) that are used in project networks to speed up planning. Resources can be put together as a sequence of individual and/or variant items. Single item Variant position A line item contains a resource that is required in the specified (constant or calculated) quantity. A variant item is a conditional list of basic headings. When the resource plan is exploded (if it is used in a project network), the (single) item whose condition is first fulfilled is used. Input window: This window is used to maintain resource plans. You can select a resource plan by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If several resource plans with the number exist, the selection window is displayed and you can select the required resource plan. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". If you create a new resource plan, you must save it before you can add items to it. The creation date and user are preset and can be changed. Before you use a resource plan (which contains conditional items or calculated/conditional quantities), you should test it (Test Resolution). You can also "sort positions" in the "Positions" submenu: There the positions of the current resource plan are sorted by position number. Resource plan display: In the resource plan editing mask there are two possibilities to visualise the resource plan. On the one hand the display as an assembly resource plan, in which only the items of the first level are shown. In addition, the variants checkbox can be used to display the characteristics of the superiors. The resource plan positions can be edited with the button can be displayed in the tree view. Then the complete structure of the called resource plan is displayed - including all structures of the sub-resource plans occurring in the resource plan itself. This output is for viewing only, editing is (currently) not possible. The structure resource plan can also be displayed in a list form (radio button), for this purpose you can specify the desired depth to which you want to follow the resource plan. (The Resource Plan Report is only recommended in this list display). Test resolution: Using the menu item 'Test resolution' you can check whether the resource plan has been entered correctly. The window 'Test resolution' opens. Via 'Edit - Resolve' you can select the scope of the test and via 'Edit - Delete Test Resolutions' you can undo tests. If a resource plan cannot be resolved, the system displays an error message. List window: Serves on the one hand to list resource plan(s) and on the other hand as a starting point for listing and checking routines for resource plan items. Selection window: This window is used to select a resource plan. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.