sacoest: In order to find out how much a set of parts would cost the company, or how much a customer order would bring in, without having to create an order or a quotation, there is the sales cost calculation module.Here it is possible to drag and drop sales roles such as sales sets into a list and mark them out. Once the quantity has been defined and set, the objects can be exploded, i.e. the attached parts can be determined in the first step. For each of these, an entry is created in a further list, which contains the part or the exploded subpart.In the next step, depending on the main procurement type (logistics indicator of the part), either the production or the order role is used to create an entry in the next list.Up to this point, all lists can also be supplemented manually by simply adding parts or order/production rolls.In the last step, the parts from the procurement roles in the penultimate list are then used for costing. These are then used to calculate the final value that these parts will cost.The parts of the first list, on the other hand, result in the sales price, or in the final sum the sales value. These final values can be read at the bottom of the list of characteristics.It is possible to drop order items into the sales parts list. All material characteristic settings and the quantity of the order item are transferred to the sales cost calculation item. The order item is linked to the sales cost calculation item as an association if the processing mode is persistent. It can now be found via the document history of the order item. It is also possible to duplicate or copy individual entries by dropping them from the copy buffer or document history. If an item with a sales set is copied in this way, all the lower parts of the set are also copied. Input window: This window is used to maintain sales cost calculations. Position window: Use this window to maintain sales cost calculation items. List window: This window serves to list all persistently saved sales cost calculations. Selection window: This window is used to select sales cost calculations. Option window: All settings for creating sales cost calculations can be made here. Grouped calculation: If an order or a plant consists of many individual items, this window can be used to determine whether there are price advantages on the cost side as a result of combining quantities. If, for example, the order contains three times the same lever that has to be produced, the three order items can be combined to form a production order. This is simulated in this window during the preliminary cost calculation. The individual work steps thus save considerable wage time in makeready. In the case of order parts, it may be possible to purchase a larger lot from the supplier at a lower purchase. In this case, the costs are therefore determined using the total quantity of all items. Sales Costs In connection with sales sets, the sales costs and contribution margin are only displayed correctly if all cost entries have been selected before this window was opened. If the option "Display totals of selected items only" is set, incorrect contribution margins can occur with sales set subitems if the sales sets maintain their own prices and do not calculate them from the subitems. Module names: sacoest.mod sacoedt.mod sacosel.mod sacoitm.mod. Classes: CX_SALES_COST_ESTIMATE CX_LINK_TXN.