saleitem: The sales item is a role of the part that holds sales specific information, such as the sales price or the price agreements with customers. The sales item also has its own description, which is used for printing quotations and orders. Specification numbers for sales items: The sales article role of a variant part describes the article in its various variants from a sales perspective. The article is specified here by defining the attributes when it is used, for example in the order item. However, if standard variants are also sold, they can be assigned their own number without having to create the variant part in sub-parts with their own sales roles. This number is called specification or specification number. If a sales item, which has predefined specifications, is inserted, for example in an order, you can still go via the sales item number and individually define the attributes in the item. However, the specifications also make it possible to search for and insert the item via the specification number in the sales item selection mask. The advantage of this is that the attribute value hidden behind the specification is automatically transferred to the item. The specification number table can be generated automatically from the price table or the table of subparts. If the route via the subparts list is chosen, the number of the subparts is also immediately adopted as the number of the specification. (However, the numbers of the specification are of course freely selectable). Input window: This window is used for maintaining sales articles. You can select a sales item by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". By confirming with 'OK', the system automatically creates and links a parts master for the new article. The number of the parts master record is the name of the sales article, which you can change later if necessary. Now enter all relevant data for the sales article one after the other in the 'Article' card. You can then add various details to the sales item on the cards Additional data and Customer prices. Additional data can also be used here to assign and maintain characteristics. List window: Serves to list the articles for sale. Selection window: This window is used to select a sales item. Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as the default option for the logged in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu item on the "Preferences" tab in the "User Preferences" list which can be used to save the current options.