salesOrderEngineering: With this module, sales order items are technically processed and released. A technical processing depends on the logistic identification of the part on the order item: If it is a production part, the order-specific production parts list can/should be generated for this part, if it is an order part, the requirement request can/should be made.A text article on an order item is first treated logistically like an order part for technical release, a requirement request can (not necessarily!) be made. It should be noted that text articles do not have a unique identification or a separate MRP account, so it is not possible to check whether the text article has already been passed on to the purchasing department as a requirement request. It is therefore recommended to always check the document history of text articles carefully: a corresponding warning will be issued. Functionality: Via the menu item 'Activities - Technology - Release order item' you reach the window 'Release order item'. When you select an order, all parts that have been set to the status 'Design check' appear. By double-clicking you reach the window 'Release order item'. Here you can process the individual part, for example, by inserting a revised bill of material or by choosing Edit order item' to switch directly to the order and edit the item there. In the field 'Characteristics' you can also insert or delete items from the characteristics list. You can also enter notes in the lower part of the window. Save your entries with OK. With 'Release' you can complete the position. The status of the item is now set to 'Create bill of material' and released for the next departments. If the button "Release" is pressed, the standard disposition is initiated. This means that either the item goes to the status warehouse reservation, a requirement request is created or a production bill of materials is exploded. The technical release then takes place automatically. In the case of the auxiliary disposition menu items, the system first creates the subsequent document without the item already being technically released. This is also useful if you first explode the bill of material, then go to work scheduling for checking, and only release the item after the check. Overhangs: If there is a stock on hand for a disposable part of the order item, a partial stock reservation is created via a stock reserve document if the option "Consume surplus quantities automatically" is set. If the complete order quantity is available, the complete order quantity is also reserved by the warehouse. In case of partial quantities, the reserved quantity is reduced by the following document (part request or requirement request). Available production parts with minimum stock: These parts are always given the status 'stock reservation' when they are released for sale. If stock is available, a stock return document is automatically created during the technical release. If there is no stock and you want to produce these parts for this order, you must explode the production BOM (menu: "Edit->Production BOM->Explode"). Then the status of the order item changes to "BOM created". Disposition: It is also possible to order a partial quantity for production parts from the technical release or to take it out of stock. For this purpose the menu is used, in which all possible entries are activated, if there is the possibility to use them here. There is one exception: If a stock-keeping part or an order part is in the order item, a partial quantity cannot yet be produced. The possibility of the partial disposition "production order" exists at the moment only for production parts that are available for disposition. If the quantity of a posted partial MRP document is changed after a part request has been created, the quantity of the part request and the production order items are also changed. The production orders receive an identifier that they must be reprinted and appear again in the worklist. Effects of technical release: In addition to the follow-on documents that are created during the technical release, the new status itself has the following effects. For example, only technically released items can be delivered. Otherwise, the creation of the delivery note would be cancelled. On the other hand, the part that is hidden behind the sales item is frozen. Thus, all changes in the order item that would influence the part (attribute changes, for example) are prohibited. List window: This window is used to list order items for which the technical release has not yet been performed. The technical release can also be reset in this window and the exploded bill of material can also be deleted. Input window: In this window the further processing of the order item can be controlled. The disposition can be started automatically according to the standard by simply releasing the position via the release button. However, if the order item is to be scheduled differently than it is normally scheduled, the menu can be used to decide which scheduling path this order item should take. So if the part on the order item is normally withdrawn from the warehouse, the item is posted to the status warehouse reservation when it is simply released. However, if the goods are to be produced directly for this order item due to a lack of stock, the production parts list can be created via the menu and the item can then be released. It then ends up in the production process and appears in the next parts planning as an order part to be manufactured in production. Furthermore, a special bill of material, production comments and characteristics can be created and defined in this window, which control the further course of the production process (e.g. length specifications, material specifications, etc.) If the production parts list is to be deleted again due to inadvertently incorrectly set characteristics, this can also be done via the menu. Furthermore, it should be noted that for companies that automatically trigger the complete further processing (production order and all necessary dispositions) with the technical release of order items to be produced, it is possible to delete all automatically created subsequent documents when deleting the parts list. If several order items have been combined in a parts scheduling system, the release and parts list for all combined order items is carried out after a user query. Module name: salesOrderEngineeringEdit.app. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION.