saretour: Customer complaints are used to map returns from customers in the system. This can be a return of the goods initiated by the customer (complaint) or by the own company (recall action). The document can be linked to an order item, a part request item or a bill of material item. All controlling business process possibilities of the following further processing are indicated on the document. On the basis of the customer complaints created over a period of time, statistics can be created via the evaluation "customer complaint statistics", which under certain circumstances can reveal a generally necessary recall of frequently complained parts. Input window: The predecessor of a customer complaint can be order items, order headers, parts list items or parts request items. These must be dragged into the predecessor field with the mouse and saved with the OK button. If the complaint was created directly from an order item/parts list, the predecessor is already entered. The following disposition of the replacement goods is always done by an internal order, which is attached to the complaint as a successor. It determines the new disposition of the goods to be carried out (production order, purchase order, stock withdrawal). The delivery note is also subsequently generated when the customer receives an exchange. The status of the complaint document is then also switched to "delivered". The received goods complained about by the customer can now be returned to the supplier, stored, repaired or scrapped. The corresponding toolbar buttons are located on the position processing mask. If the goods are to be scrapped, simply tick the appropriate box on the mask. After posting the goods receipt, the document status then changes to "scrapped", no further posting is required. List window: This window serves to list complaints. Selection window: This window is used to select a complaint. Module name: saretour.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: saretedt.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: saretsel.mod. Classes: -. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: sareitem.mod. Classes: -.