scanner_main_app_scanner: The Processes menu appears after the employee has successfully logged on to HESTIA WMS or by "scrolling" with the arrow keys. The other three main menus are reached by scrolling to the left or right:. Goods receipt: All functions which are related to the processing of orders with suppliers (expected goods receipts) can be called up under this menu item. Outgoing goods: All functions related to the processing of dispatch orders can be called up under this menu item. Transport of goods: Under this menu item, storage for individual parts or complete pallets (licences) can be called up. Inventory: All functions that have to do with the inventory of goods in the warehouse can be called up under this menu item. The inventories themselves are planned by the warehouse management in the HESTIA warehouse monitor. Adjust stock: Under this menu item, all functions for adjusting stock, adding and deducting stock (defect/loss) and status changes (available, quarantine etc.) can be called up. Transfer: Functions for the transfer of stock or parts thereof from one storage bin to another can be called up under this menu item. Print: It is very useful and efficient to initiate list and label printing directly from the mobile terminal. Printing labels from HESTIA WMS requires the availability of label printer(s) including software for designing the labels (not included in the scope of delivery of HESTIA WMS). In principle, all information in the host system for the identification of the goods (supplier, article, etc.) can be printed. The definitions for label printing are determined on a project-specific basis. HESTIA WMS has no special requirements for list printers, all lists are defined for A4 portrait format. Document: Under this menu item, the function for printing delivery notes, invoices (both documents from the host system), can be called up. Reports: Under this menu item the function for printing lists (article lists, storage bin lists etc.) can be called up. Printing is done via the layout selection and its parameter input and printer selection. Article label: The function for printing article labels (barcodes) can be called up under this menu item. Printing is carried out via item selection, layout selection and its parameter entry, printer selection and label printing. Storage location label: The function for printing storage bin labels (barcodes) can be called up under this menu item. Printing is carried out via storage location selection, layout selection and its parameter input, printer selection and label printing. Article stock: Under this menu item the function for displaying the stock level per article can be called up. This function is used when the employee needs information about article stocks or when he wants to know in which storage bin(s) the goods are stored. In this case, the storage bin or bins are of interest and the item isknown. Stock of storage locations: Under this menu item the function for displaying the stock level per storage bin can be called up. This function is used when the employee needs information about the stock in a storage bin or when he wants to know which articles are in a storage bin. In this case, the item(s) of interest and the storage bin is known. Article Info: Under this menu item, information about the quantity of articles, reserved quantity, by whom reserved quantity etc. for a specific article can be called up. This function is used when the employee needs information about article stocks or when he wants to know in which storage locations the goods are reserved in which quantities by whom. Campground Info: Under this menu item, information about the quantity of articles, reserved quantity, who has reserved the quantity etc. for a specific storage location can be called up. This function is used when the employee needs information about stock in a storage bin or when he wants to know which articles in which quantities are reserved in a storage bin by whom. Help: Help 1 Help 2 Help 3.