sinvbook: The outgoing invoice book serves on the one hand to transfer the registered invoices/credit notes to the financial accounting department. For this purpose, the corresponding documents can be filtered using various selection criteria. In addition to the filtered documents, the list also shows the initial account assignment belonging to each invoice/credit note. Thus the outgoing invoice book can also be used for control and evaluation. The outgoing invoices and credit notes are listed sorted according to the document number. If the client's outgoing invoices and credit notes are divided into individual domains, then the ones from the registered domain are displayed first, but you can switch to other domains or display the invoices or credit notes from all domains. Manual account assignment: An invoice can be manually assigned to an account after it has been registered but not yet posted to financial accounting. When registering, a preliminary account assignment is already made automatically if this has been set above the client. A distinction can be made between simple and detailed account assignment. If it is still necessary to adjust the account assignment manually, the functionality of this module can be used. The manual account assignment can also be used if the invoice cannot be preassigned due to an undefined account assignment rule. While the "Invoice" group is only used to display the invoice data and, if necessary, to maintain the conversion currency and its exchange rate, the "Account assignment" group can be used to view the initial account assignment and make changes. In addition, the original, automatically made initial account assignment can be restored. When leaving the window by clicking the close button, the value assigned to the account is compared with the gross value of the invoice. If a difference occurs here, the invoice jumps to the status "not assigned" and can therefore not be transferred to the financial accounting until the difference has been eliminated. Module name: sinvbook.mod. Classes: -.