stoaccnt: In these modules, the logistics data of the part masters are maintained or displayed, i.e. logistics part data (e.g. staging type, logistics indicator), warehouse account data (e.g. stock, storage unit) and disposition account data (e.g. sales order quantity, disposition unit). (see also Kanban) Minimum, maximum and reorder points can be maintained here. This module also enables the exchange and definition of the units with which the warehouse and the dispo account is to be managed as standard. The main storage location entered here is selected as the standard withdrawal warehouse in future goods withdrawal documents created. For more information see here. Input window: This window is for maintaining logistic control settings. Control min/max stocks: On the one hand, it is possible to see when the minimum stock level was last automatically recalculated on the basis of a requirements analysis and set on the part (field "Last auto.determination on"). On the other hand - interesting for parts newly entered in the system for which no saved consumption figures are available in the system - a manual time limit can be set up until which the automatic determination of minimum stock levels for the called up part should be prevented: Until then the minimum stock level is maintained manually. Replace units: In this window, the units to be changed for stock management and disposition are specified. The stored values on the warehouse and disposition account are converted with the units specified here. The data of the movements on the warehouse and disposition account are not changed. Likewise, the master data of the partial roles must be adjusted manually. Runs to change the staging type: The module itemedt.mod contains SetDispoAccountToDisposition and SetDispoAccountToManualStock to change the type of provision to disposition or manual stock for selected parts. Module name: stoaccnt.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ACCOUNT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stoacedt.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ACCOUNT. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stoacsel.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ACCOUNT.