stockOrder: Internal orders are most often created as stock orders in order to increase the production parts in stock. However, they are also used to order reproductions for sales order items or generally for cost objects/projects (work orders). Internal: If it is necessary to reprocess a possibly already delivered sales order, a stock order can be created with a concatenation to the corresponding order item or the superior sales order. For this, only the order predecessor has to be selected on a newly created stock order item and (important for the subsequent creation of delivery notes) the type "subsequent delivery" has to be set. Now the stock order can be exploded and the production parts list can be adapted to the work to be carried out. In the exploded BOM, parts can now be added and a special routing can be selected that contains only the work sequences required for rework. All required parts are added to the BOM. The stock order item is then not put into stock after the completion of the subsequent production order, but is made available for this order. In this way it is possible to remanufacture parts of an order item (BOM level > 0) that may have broken during assembly at the construction site and then re-deliver them to the construction site via a delivery note. The costs for this stock order are then linked to the linked order item or linked order header for the final costing/order cost evaluation. Internal: If the storage order is only an internal work order (type=storage order), which is neither to be produced for a sales order item nor to be put into storage, the check mark "No goods putaway" must be set on the storage order item. Now a project, e.g. "Maintenance of the production lines" can be created and assigned to this stock order header. To do this, simply set the tick "Cost object assignment". Now either an existing project can be selected or by leaving the project field empty a new project can be created for this storage order. However, this is not absolutely necessary. The decisive factor is the tick "No goods putaway" on the storage order item. Stock orders that are neither assigned to a project or sales order nor have the check mark "No goods putaway" on the items are put away after completion of the production order. It is not possible to assign a stock order item to a sales order and at the same time uncheck the box "No goods putaway". This would mean that the costs of this warehouse order are assigned to the sales order, but the goods are put into storage at the customer's disposal. Internal order for the execution of rework: This type of order is used to define the rework for customer orders. You must select the order type "internal order" and the checkbox Rework. You can enter this order manually or create it using the "Rework Wizzad". With the Wizzard you only have to enter the old production order or job ticket, the finish dates and quantity. The system takes over the technical release and the creation of part request and production order for you. Internal: Deliveries to a branch or other establishment may not be recorded as a customer order because they must not affect the balance sheet, i.e. the value of the order may not be recognised as internal company turnover For this reason, it does not make sense to enter intercompany orders via sales orders. The warehouse orders are also suitable for this purpose. On the warehouse order, Intercompany can be selected as the "type" and a company with an address can be specified as the recipient. The data from the warehouse order header is copied to each new item. By filling in the recipient, the warehouse order item also receives the delivery status in addition to the MRP status, which means that it can be found in the picking list via its date (delivery or staging date). After disposition, the warehouse order item changes - like a sales order item - to the status: Ready for dispatch. Now it is clear that it still has to be shipped. Stock orders that are created and scheduled for replenishment of the warehouse are in the status: "Ready: Production" and must be put into storage. Attention! If stock-managed parts are included in the warehouse order for a subsequent delivery, complaint or intercompany type, these warehouse order items are posted to the status "warehouse reservation" and must be withdrawn (staged) from the warehouse via the picking list, just like order items! Subsequently, the delivery note is also created from here. Internal order as production planning (PPL): Production planning is used to replenish and plan the stock of purchased and manufactured parts. The planning is carried out in two stages:. Input window: This window is used to maintain internal jobs. You can select an internal job by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". On the internal order header, a project to which the costs are later assigned can be selected or automatically created. No project is created by default. If a project is to be created automatically, the checkbox "Cost object assignment" must be ticked before saving. As a rule, the employee is specified by the system as a result of the registration. When you press 'OK', the machine assigns a sequence number and the 'Insert' and 'Remove' buttons are released. You can now start to create items: With 'Insert' the window 'Internal job - Position' opens. First enter the order item and the quantity you want to have produced. Clicking on 'Part' opens the selection window of the part master, from which you can now select the corresponding part. Please enter the production date in the 'Date' field. In the lower part of the window you can insert or remove attributes from the list of characteristics. Click 'OK' to save the position and continue with the next one. If the internal order just processed is not a "stock order" but a "work order", a further text field "Information" appears in the item window. Position window: In this window the data of an item of an internal order is maintained. Option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. List window: Used to list the internal jobs. Internal order - position overview: Used to list the items of the selected internal orders. Selection window: This window is used to select an internal job. Rework - Wizzard Window: This window allows you to easily create the rework for a sales order item. All you need is the old number or running card of the old production order. The system uses this to determine all the necessary data. The following steps are performed : After carrying out the steps, the new production order is opened. Module name: stoorder.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ORDER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stooredt.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ORDER. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stoorsel.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_ORDER.