stockWithdrawal: Goods withdrawal or provision (warehouse)The goods withdrawal documents count up a consumption value "consumed.quantity" in the warehouse statistics if the following condition is met:Source warehouse is the warehouse of the main client and warehouse is dispositive (check mark "no disposition" is NOT set)This quantity (consumed.quantity) is used for the safety stock calculation (spare parts business). Input window: This window is used for the maintenance of removals. You can select a stock removal by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". You can create a new page out by pressing the OK button. Number, date and employee are automatically initialised. With the button 'Insert' you can now create positions. The window of the part master opens, from which you can select the part to be removed and transfer it to the window 'Removal from stock' by double-clicking. The data from the parts master are also transferred to the window. Enter the quantity actually withdrawn in the 'Quantity' field. With the button 'Insert' you can assign the part to an order by selecting the corresponding position via the order number and dragging it into the field. With the button 'Remove' you can delete these positions at any time. With 'OK' you save your data and with the 'Close' button you return to the window 'Outsourcing'. You can now create further items or complete the document with the 'Book' button. In this case the removal from storage is posted to the warehouse account and the current stock is recalculated. If, after posting, you notice that you have posted, you can call up the corresponding document again and change the quantity to zero at any time via the menu item 'Edit - Set quantities in selected items to zero' or directly in the item to the correct quantity and post again. The stock level will then be recalculated. Alternative part/quantity: If a check mark is placed in the field"Alternative part / quantity", a requirement can be provided with a different part and a different quantity. By activating the check mark " Completely provided" you can completely provide the predecessor documents of the retrieval item. In the other case, the system tries to post the quantity as the staging quantity, but if the units are not compatible, no staging quantity is posted, i.e. the This is convenient when you want to take out a part for an order item, but the part no longer exists (the part is invalid), but there is a replacement part that is compatible. Now the removal can be created for the compatible part. By ticking "Alternative part / quantity", the order item is then made available. If the tick is not set, the system assumes that it is an additional stock removal for the order, which means that the requirement is not yet covered. Example: 15 nails should be taken for a production order. Now, however, it is decided without further ado that the fixing should be done with one meter of double-sided adhesive tape. It is easy to create and book a retrieval of 1m of double-sided adhesive tape for this part requirement item with the check mark "Alternative part / quantity". The requirement of 15 nails is then booked out. Storage area: If a part is dragged into the picking position, the main storage bin of the part is taken over into the document as storage bin. If there is no main storage bin for the part, the warehouse selection list on the stock removal document is filled with all storage bins of the part in which a movement has once taken place. The first entry is then selected and set as default. Cost centre: By ticking the checkbox cost centre, it is possible at any time to also assign a production parts list outsourcing to a cost centre. This is conceivable, for example, if a certain part has been broken on the construction site by an own employee of a certain cost centre. This cost centre can then be specifically charged with the replacement of this part. Cost unit: There is the possibility of charging an outsourcing to a cost unit, this is the case, for example, if an interested party wishes to receive a sample of a part for inspection in advance. In this case, there is not yet an order to which these costs could be linked. In this case it is a good idea to create a project (cost unit) for this interested party in which all costs are collected. The cost unit can be relieved by storing the goods if the part is not to your liking. Create delivery notes: It is possible to create delivery notes from retrieval items. For this purpose, these must have an order item as a direct predecessor. The first order item with a delivery status is used, e.g. in stock removal the sub parts of a sales set are posted which has the delivery status in the order, in this case the sales set is drawn in the delivery note. If several stock removal items are assigned to the same order item, this is only used once in the delivery note with the open delivery quantity. Removal from stock items that directly have an order item with delivery status as predecessor are entered in the delivery note with the removal from stock quantity. Own supplies: If a material withdrawal is to be used to plan an internal provision at level 0 of a sales order, an internal provision document must be created for this material withdrawal. This is possible via the material withdrawal item directly via the toolbar button possible. The part, quantity and description are taken over. Post Calculation: In the post-calculation, a positive value is always included in the valuation for the removal from storage. Removals to cost units always represent a debit. To determine the costs to be debited, the standard procurement type (purchased part / production part) and then the costs are taken from the corresponding roll. Attention! If a stock-in was posted for a cost object via a purchased part, then the purchased part was converted as a production part and subsequently a stock-out was created as a discharge, the negative stock-in value continues to be in the purchased parts from stock column, the positive stock-out value can then be found in the production parts from stock column. Mobile storage and retrieval: Mobile outsourcing enables so-called unplanned bookings for a project, order or cost centre to be easily booked. These can be, for example, withdrawals from a workshop warehouse or small parts warehouse for a project can be entered with this function and the cost unit can be charged. Storage aids with several parts are completely booked out. In the case of storage aids with only one part, you can post partial quantities from the storage aid. Parts can also be selected directly via your number and storage location The system checks whether stock is available when booking! This booking should not be used as a rule, as planned bookings are not processed. Position window: Stock removals can be assigned to a cost centre, a cost object or specific documents (sales order or item, warehouse order or item). This ensures that the costs of the parts removed are charged to the cost originator. Grouping of selected items: The part, storage bin and quantity can be changed simultaneously for the items contained in the list. All items are assigned the same part and storage bin. The quantity is distributed proportionally to the items. This function is for parts that have pieces, sheets, plates or similar as a unit and all the rest is to be distributed to the bookings. Example: A part that is stored in plates and each plate has 3.125 m² as its area. Now 3 items are to be booked, but together they only have 2500000 mm ². Now this value can be changed in the quantity to "1 plate". After the OK button, the quantities of the positions are adjusted so that they result in 3.125 m² or 3125000 mm². List window: Serves to list the removals. Selection window: This window is used to select a stock removal. Options window: Here you can make all presettings for the data exchange. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as default options for the logged-in user. For this purpose, on the "Preferences" tab, there is a context menu entry on the "User Preferences" list, via which the current options can be saved. Print option window: Only the additional options for printing a retrieval document should be displayed here. Here you can find the description of the remaining options. Module name: stowdraw.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_WITHDRAWAL. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stowdedt.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_WITHDRAWAL. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stowdsel.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_WITHDRAWAL.