stockSwitching: You can transfer goods from one storage bin to another. The storage bins do not have to be in the same warehouse.When a stock transfer document is posted, a data field "switched.quantity" is written to the "source warehouse" on the corresponding warehouse statistics month under the following conditions:Source warehouse is the warehouse of the main client and warehouse is dispositive (check mark "no disposition" is NOT set)AND( Part is manual warehouse part OR target warehouse is not warehouse of main client OR target warehouse is not dispositional (check mark "no disposition" ACTUALLY set)This quantity (switched.quantity) is used for the safety stock calculation (spare parts business). Input window: This window is used to maintain rearrangements. You can select a stock transfer by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". After you select an employee and press the 'OK' button, the machine automatically assigns a consecutive document number. With the button 'Insert' you can now create positions. Click 'OK' to save your data and the 'Close' button to return to the 'Transfer' window. You can now create further items or complete the document with the 'New' button. The stock transfer is booked on the warehouse account and the current stock is recalculated. In order to transfer a large number of storage locations as quickly and efficiently as possible, please refer to the documentation for the stock transfer assistant. Position window: To select a part either open the part master selection mask with the button 'Part' or enter the part number in the input field next to the button. The data from the part master and the current storage bin are also transferred to the window. Please enter the quantity of the parts to be transferred in the field 'Transfer quantity'. The button 'to storage bin' opens the overview of the storage bins, where you can now mark a new storage bin and select it with 'OK'. As an alternative to the overview, the number of a storage bin can be entered directly in the input field next to the button 'To storage bin'. If only one with this number exists, it will be displayed immediately. If several storage bins exist with the number entered, the objects found are displayed in the selection window of the storage bins. If no storage bin is found, a message appears. The item number is automatically preset, but can be changed. All storage locations where the part is/was present are displayed and only the "destination warehouse" can be a warehouse where the part has never been present. List window: Serves to list the stock transfers. Selection window: This window is used to select a stock transfer. Stock transfer assistant: With the stock transfer assistant you can carry out mass stock transfers: e.g. transfer all parts in one storage bin to another or distribute a part which is stored in many storage bins to other storage bins. The quantity can be selected as desired. Stock transfer criteria for partial storage bin accounts: If a stock transfer takes place directly from the cost object, storage bin, part or stock, all possible part storage bin accounts are filtered out. Only those with stock (pos. or neg.) and valid parts can be transferred. These accounts are displayed in the "Possible items" list. Select receiving storage bin:: The receiving storage bin is determined either by opening the bin selection window or by searching for a storage bin via direct entry. This must be a valid storage bin. You can re-determine the receiving storage bin at any time and thus distribute the part storage bin accounts to several storage bins. The cost unit makes the transfer posting to a project warehouse. Assign receiving storage bin: In order to assign selected objects from the list "Possible items" to the selected storage bin, they are assigned to the selected storage bin with the button is inserted in the "positions to be moved". If you want to assign a different receiving bin, search for To remove items from the 'items to be transferred' list, press the button, or the "Del" key on the keyboard and the selected objects are moved back to the "Possible positions". To remove objects from the composition permanently, select the desired objects in the "Possible positions" list and press the "Del" key on the keyboard. Selected objects can also be moved from one list to the other by dragging and dropping. Determine quantity to be relocated: The quantity can be changed as desired by double-clicking on an object in the "items to be moved" list. Normally the complete stock of a part is entered in the respective storage bin. If a stock transfer would result in negative stock, a Yes/No query window appears for the affected part storage bin account. Option window: Here you can make all presettings for the data exchange. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as default options for the logged-in user. For this purpose, on the "Preferences" tab, there is a context menu entry on the "User Preferences" list, via which the current options can be saved. Module name: stoswtch.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_SWITCHING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: stoswedt.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_SWITCHING. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Technical explanations Transfer Assistant: The assistant is always called via the message "STOCK_SWITCHING_WIZARD". "STOCK_SWITCHING_WIZARD" is received from the module stoswedt.mod and opens the EditWin if necessary and sets "NULL -> stockSwitching" if no stock transfer exists yet. Furthermore, the EditWin also receives the Msg and executes the macro "EditObject" and saves the stock transfer if none exists yet. In the "StockSwitchingWizardWin", "ObjectDropped" is called if something was passed and then a vector of transient CX_CONTAINER objects is created. The CX_CONTAINERs receive the data fields with the information necessary to create a stock transfer item. So that the CX_CONTAINERs are not cleared away from the GarbageCollection, they must be saved in a vector. Possible transfer parameters for the message: - NULL -> only the window is opened - CX_ITEM objects or vector or collection of CX_ITEM objects - CX_STOCK_SPACE objects or vector or collection of CX_STOCK_SPACE objects - CX_LOG_CUBE objects or vector or collection of CX_LOG_CUBE objects - these objects are always checked to see if they are parts of storage bin accounts. The macro "ObjectDropped" creates a CX_LOG_CUBE Collection from the objects passed by calling itself recursively. Only parts of the storage bin accounts are transferred that have stock (pos. or neg.) and whose part is valid. Module name: stoswsel.mod. Classes: CX_STOCK_SWITCHING.