supplierAgreement: Supplier agreements hold suppliers specific data of an order item, such as a negotiated price, a separate order number or order text or the replenishment lead time and order quantity. The main supplier is also maintained in the supplier agreement. The Supplier Agreement shall also specify whether and which parts must be provided to the Supplier when ordering this part of the order. It should be noted here that the logistics code of the part must be changed to "Order part with own provision". This supply agreement must then also be entered in the logistics account in the list of the suppliers providing the parts. See here for more information. Via the list window you can get an overview of existing supplier agreements, for the purpose of electronic exchange you can export and re-import supplier agreements and you can compare the agreed price with the last incoming invoice price. Export/import of supplier agreements: The export and import of supplier agreements serves to update the supplier agreement data. If the supplier announces new prices for his products, it is, for example, easier to export all price agreements made with him to Excel, enter the prices here and then import the data. The Excel table can also be sent directly to the supplier so that he can enter his prices himself. It doesn't matter whether these are simple prices, price tables or prices with discounts/surcharges. Procedure:. Input window: This window is used to maintain supplier agreements. You can enter a new price agreement by pressing the Insert button and then selecting a supplier (from the order part) or an order part (from the supplier). You can also drag a supplier into the list of supplier agreements in the ordering section or an order part into the list of supplier agreements of the supplier. To create a supplier agreement from transaction data, simply open it with a double-click and save it in the supplier agreement window. The input window opens and you can now save it to create the supplier agreement. You can then enter the data for the agreement. For an explanation of how to enter a price, it is best to read the documentation on price processing. However, there is one special feature here, namely that you can also enter an absolute surcharge or discount in the conditions of this vendor agreement, which is then transferred as such into the purchase order. In the complex prices themselves, all prices are always calculated per unit of quantity! Here, you can use the order number at the supplier, which is then used, for example, in requirement coverage requests or purchase orders (when converting a requirement coverage request into a purchase order, a possibly changed order number on the requirement coverage request is given preference) or also a purchase order text, which is given preference over the "normal" purchase order text in the ordered article, since this test can differ from supplier to supplier. Instead of an order number, a conditional table can also be created, which points to different order numbers that are dependent on the value of an attribute, for example. If the order text from a supplier agreement has been transferred to a blanket purchase order, it can no longer be changed in the blanket purchase order! If you subsequently want to change this order text here in the supplier agreement, you will receive a warning message that there is an open framework order with a different order text and whether you want to update the order text on the framework order. Evaluation/maintenance of supplier agreements: This window is used to evaluate the supplier agreements, purchase contracts and outline agreements. In addition, the supplier agreements of a supplier can be maintained via Excel (possibly even by the supplier himself) using the export and import function in this window. Maintenance conditional tables: If an order item is a variant part, it is often not possible to specify "simple" values for the supplier number, replenishment lead time, price etc. in the supplier agreement, as various variants can be hidden behind an order item. The solution for this are conditional tables, for example the supplier's own number can be stored depending on the variant. Since it often happens that various details of a supplier agreement are stored in conditional tables, which are structured identically in each case because, for example, a price is associated with each conditional number, the mask "Conditional table maintenance" offers the possibility of synchronous table maintenance. Interface for EDIT_SUPPLIER_AGREEMENT:: Either the supplier agreement(CX_OVERWRITING_REF) is transferred or NULL is used to create a new supplier agreement. The purchase accounts of order part and supplier must be transferred in any case. The monitor is determined from the accounts with Call(DataCubeCore). The monitor is transferred with the messages SUPPLIER_AGREEMENT_CHANGED and SUPPLIER_AGREEMENT_CREATED to update the list. If NULL was transferred on the Stack Top, it is checked whether a supplier agreement already exists for the 2 transferred Purchase Accounts. In the macro CreateObject again Call(DataCubeCore) with TRUE to create the monitor if it does not exist. Then the Purchase Account of the order part is wrapped and a price value per quantity is created. DELETE_SUPPLIER_AGREEMENT: The monitor containing the supplier agreement to be deleted is transferred. If no supplier agreement is found, an error message appears. Then the wrapper of the order part Purchase Account is removed and the message SUPPLIER_AGREEMENT_DELETED is sent with the monitor as transfer parameter. Quality assurance: Description of some test scenarios for the new functionality of the conditional table for the order number. All tests were carried out in EVALUATE with the existing data which were extended as required. Module name: supplagr.mod. Classes: -.