txnhisto: The document history provides an overview of a transaction and the order of its subsequent documents. This enables a chronological overview which shows the chronological sequence of the individual transactions. Each document can be opened by double-clicking on it, or selected by single click. The possibility of displaying associations and transaction documents of the header document and the documents under items means that no important documents are lost in documents with different versions and levels just because they were linked incorrectly. {img type="fileId" fileId="438" thumb="box" width="100%"} Booked in: The list "Posted in" shows all monitors, states and accounts in which the currently selected document is posted. If a state is selected in this list, the graphical process history can be called up via the context menu. This shows which states in the assigned business process (workflow) this document has already passed through and which are still to come. This information is taken from the context of the document and interpreted. If, for example, the part is a part that must be inspected by master definition via a QA document after goods receipt, this QA step is also displayed in the open states. More on this topic in the documentation of process routes. associations: For each document, it is possible to link it with documents from the document master, local documents and, in the case of quotations/orders (+items), also operations. This is controlled via the context menu on the "Associations" list. There are three options to choose from here:Transaction: A transaction is created for the document and linked to it. For offers/orders, this document is automatically registered in the activity folder of the cost unit (project). The subject line of the created transaction is provided with the item number and supplemented by the internal database address of the item.(This is required so that a possible recipient of a mail created in this way can dragthis mail onto the ClassiX® background and the corresponding item opens immediately. This way the recipient knows immediately which position it is about and does not have to search for a long time (not implemented yet!!!)). For more information, please refer to the transaction document. Document (local): A document is simply attached to the document object and copied into the database. This copy of the document cannot be used for any other document and must be copied into the database again. In this way the same documents are created several times in the database. Document master (global): Via this menu item it is possible to create document copies or to use previously created copies for this document as well. For more information, please refer to the document master. With the help of the two buttons 'Fold all in (or out)' the whole tree can be viewed or folded up again. Functionality: Displays the history of a document (transaction). The right mouse button opens the context menu for further display of a document selected in the list. Module name: txnhisto.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: bpihisto.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: bprhisto.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: payhisto.mod. Classes: CX_TRANSACTION.