validity: With this module the temporal validity of an object can be set. This time validity window is compared with the validity date specified in the system during each processing with this object. If an object is therefore "invalid", it is not displayed in lists by default, for example, or access to data of this object is no longer possible. In the business environment, data in the manner described above are very often limited in time (e.g. customer no longer exists, product is no longer to be sold), but as a rule one piece of information is only replaced by another piece of information that is "newer" in time: the value added tax rate is increased from 1.1., a price table changes from a certain date, etc. In these cases it is possible to make a temporal concatenation of information or objects. This is made possible by the "Exchange objects" box. This box contains all the objects that are in a logical chronological order; depending on their validity, one object automatically replaces the other. It does not matter which object you are currently standing at, you will always receive the correct information at the right time. Functionality: A validity period can be specified in three different ways: In order to carry out a temporal concatenation of objects, the objects in question must be dragged and dropped into the "Exchange objects" box. Then press the OK button. Rules/exceptions: The following list specifies a number of rules or exceptions for which the validity cannot be set, or what happens if the validity of an object is restricted:. Validity of parts and parts lists: For different scenarios that lead to the invalidity of a part, it may be useful to define different procedures for each:. Display - access options in list windows: The following options are available to specify the validity of an object as a search criterion. The radio buttons result in 4 possible combinations, which are described below. Only 1 radio button from each group can be selected at any one time, as they are conditional. {img type="fileId" fileId="442" thumb="box" width="100%"}. With exchange object & valid objects: (default setting): All valid objects are displayed. If an object is invalid and has a valid exchange object, the exchange object is displayed. Invalid objects are not accessible here. With exchange object & all objects:: Display of all valid objects and all invalid objects that do not have a valid exchange object. It is not possible to access the original object if it has a valid exchange object at the time of the search. In this case the exchange object is always found. For invalid objects with invalid exchange objects, the original object is displayed. If this setting is selected, a column is added to the list which shows the validity of the objects. Without exchange object & valid objects:: The searched object must be valid at the time of the search to be found. If it is invalid and has a valid exchange object, the exchange object is ignored. Without exchange object & all objects:: The searched object must be valid at the time of the search to be found. If it is invalid and has a valid exchange object, it will be ignored. If you are looking for an invalid object with a valid exchange object, the original invalid object will be displayed. If this setting is selected, 2 columns are added to the list. The column "validity" shows the validity of the objects, the other "exchange object" shows if invalid objects have valid exchange objects and shows their number. If no valid or no exchange object exists the column remains empty. Examples:: Part 1 is valid and has no replacement object Part 1 is invalid and has no exchange object Part 1 is invalid and has valid exchange object Part 2 Part1 is invalid and has invalid exchange object Part2. Module name: validity.mod. Classes: -.