vatreturn: This module is used to create and display a VAT advance return. The evaluation is created via the form for the advance return for VAT, which must be stored as a structure with identifier VAT_RETURN_REPORT. In the structure/keyword as structure-ID the number of the field on the form as short name the description of the field position on the form and as description the line number on the form, with 2 amounts on one line followed by "l" for left and "r" for right, e.g. 30l and 30r to be indicated. In principle, all postings that were posted with a tax key are processed in the advance return for sales tax. (The items of the VAT form are stored in the tax key). In addition, this information can also be stored for a G/L account in order to also be able to consider postings without a tax key in the advance return for VAT. G/L accounts stored as tax accounts are always included in the processing. Entries with a control key are assigned to the fields in the form of the advance return for turnover tax according to the specifications made on the control key. Entries without a control key are only assigned to a field in the form of the advance return for VAT if the G/L account posted to has a corresponding assignment. The following procedure is recommended for setting up the advance return for VAT:Load/set up the form as a structure with identifier VAT_RETURN_REPORT. Setting up the control keys with assignment to the form fields Assignment of such G/L accounts to form fields that could possibly be posted to without a tax key: as a rule, all accounts whose values must be included as the tax base in the advance return for sales tax. Although one can assume that these accounts are always posted to with tax keys, one can build in further security here by assigning the entire account. However, you must be aware that all postings to an account marked in this way, which were posted without a tax key, will then always be assigned to this form field. However, such subsequent allocations are displayed in the list window as a system message and can thus be checked. Check whether all expense and revenue accounts in the G/L account master record are marked as such: otherwise the system could issue messages such as "Revenue account posted with input tax key Check whether accounts such as import VAT, which are not automatically posted with fixed percentages from gross postings, have been created as accounts of the type tax account. If this is not the case, the account type of the G/L account can be changed subsequently in the list window under the menu item "Edit" / "Change account type". When the advance return for sales tax is set up, the system automatically checks all postings of the selected period for possible errors or discrepancies. If any occur, they are displayed in the list System messages. Here is a brief overview of the logic of the checks:. List window: The list window contains the totals view with the filled in form fields, a detailed view with the postings of the postings considered in the VAT advance return, a list of the balances of the accounts directly assigned to a field in the VAT advance return form and a list of the discrepancies detected by the system when creating the VAT advance return: these are displayed in the form of error or warning messages. After selecting the period and other options, one starts the evaluation by pressing a button in the toolbar. The system now reads in all bookings of the selected period and assigns them to the corresponding control fields. The status of the processing can be seen in the status bar. At the end of processing, the status line shows how many entries are in the detailed view with the bookings and how many were selected in it. If you switch to the detailed view with the bookings, you can navigate directly to the journal of the financial accounting by double-clicking on an entry in the list. With a right click you can display the total of selected entries. Bookings (unstructured): In this window, entries are listed in an unstructured form (see also Journal (unstructured)) in order to be able to make any corrections to the allocation to tax accounts. Option window: In this window, options for the structure of the advance return for VAT can be defined. Module name: vatreturn.mod. Classes: CX_STRUCTURE.