warehouseMonitor: From the warehouse monitor, all inbound and outbound business processes (goods receipt, goods issue and goods transport), the resources available in a warehouse (parts, storage aids) and all material movements with their warehouse execution documents are controlled and monitored. The order of the tabs should also underline the processing of material movements in a warehouse. Outgoing goods: In the outbound business process of the goods issue, pick lists are released, allocations are executed and released and the status of picking, consolidation, packing and wrapping in the warehouse is monitored. Picklists: Picklists form the interface between order processing and the warehouse. Pick lists are created from the order processing and are therefore the trigger for the merchandise management system to pick, pack and dispatch the goods. In this window you can list the picking list items which have not yet been released or which have already been released. The targeted release of picking lists (items) serves to better control the processing of tasks in a warehouse. Allocations: In this sub-window either the warehouse allocation for the selected pick list items is executed or the release of warehouse allocations is carried out. A warehouse allocation is the reservation of parts at a certain storage location / on a certain storage aid with reference to a certain pick list position. A picking list position can result in several warehouse allocations, depending on whether the required quantity on the picking list position is greater than the quantity in individual storage bins. The control of which goods are to be picked in which order from which storage locations is controlled by entries in the warehouse, the assigned work areas and the classification term "OUTBOUND_ALLOCATION". The targeted release of warehouse allocations serves to better control the processing of tasks in a warehouse. On the hand scanners, warehouse execution documents for picking are only visible if they have been released beforehand. Picking: This sub-window lists the warehouse execution documents to be picked for a specific condition. Of particular interest here are stock execution documents that have not yet been started to be processed (open picks), or stock execution documents that have not yet been finally picked (picks in progress). Consolidate: In this sub-window the warehouse execution documents are listed, which are located in a work area "Consolidation" (field "Consolidation" in editing mask of a warehouse). Packing: In this sub-window the warehouse execution documents are listed, which are located in a work area "Packing" (field "Consolidation" in editing mask of a warehouse). Car Packing: In this sub-window the warehouse execution documents are listed, which is located in a work area "Auto-Pack" (field "Consolidation" in the editing mask of a warehouse). Winding: In this sub window the warehouse execution documents are listed, which are located in a work area "Winding" (field "Consolidation" in the editing mask of a warehouse). Goods receipt: In the inbound business process of goods receipt, goods receipts are recorded from open orders and the goods are stored in the warehouse. Orders: This window is used to display orders. Resources: In this window you can view the stock accounts of the resources in the warehouse - such as parts, storage bins, storage aids (SCM), users. Module name: warehouseMonitor.app. Classes: CX_PICK_LIST CX_STOCK_ALLOCATION.