workstat: This module enables the maintenance of different workstations in the system. Input window: This window is used for maintaining workstations. You can select a work station by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Enter a term for the workplace and enter the full name of the workplace in the 'Description' field. The lead time can be determined by a number, by a given formula or directly by a formula. If you do not want to specify a processing time, you can set the selection to 'no value' here. In the 'Cost accounting' section, the work centre is assigned to a cost centre and you can specify the costs incurred. In the lower part of the window you can now insert different machines, work groups etc. with the menu item 'Edit - Resources - Insert - .'. With a double click you select the resource from the respective search window. Save your entries with 'OK'. Via 'Display workstation usage' the current usage of the respective workstation can be displayed. The 'capacity overview' enables you to evaluate the hours processed per work centre at any time. In the list that opens up, all hours that are announced as requirements are totalled. These are compared to the hours already processed. With a simple click on a calendar week entry in the list, all work sequences booked in this calendar week are displayed. A double click on a line opens the corresponding production order. You can specify a capacity by double-clicking on one of the specified calendar weeks to check the capacity utilisation. Using the menu item in the search list "Edit--> Capacity planning", weeks in the future can also be provided with a planned value. See capacity planning in general If required, the capacity overview can also be imported into MS-Excel. List window: Used to list the workstations. Workload: In this overview the workload of workstations/production areas is displayed. The starting point is the end of the current calendar week, all work not yet completed is displayed in total as a balance. The period up to which the workload is to be listed can be limited. It is important whether a date or a date range in the form of "from-to" days or weeks/months is selected. If weeks or months are selected, those bookings whose only start or only end are within the selected date range are not displayed: i.e. bookings that only overlap the date range are omitted. Capacity overview: This window displays an overview of all operations on the workstation by periods (for example, calendar weeks). Selection window: This window is used to select a workstation. Module name: workstat.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_STATION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: worksedt.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_STATION. Security: In addition to restricting access rights via the class and its data fields, the module can be restricted in its use via some of the received messages. Module name: workssel.mod. Classes: CX_WORK_STATION.