workingTimeAccount: The working time account provides an overview of an employee's daily working hours, absences and holiday entitlement. It is also possible to display annual and monthly balances. Input window: This window is used to maintain working time accounts. You can select a working time account in different ways:. Copy absences: In this window, on the one hand the absences - of the currently selected employee - are specified and on the other hand the (other) employees to whom these absences are to be copied. This application helps e.g. to record company holidays, an absence that must be stored in all employees (unless it is entered in the company calendar (Locales)). Fields Buttons. Daily list of working hours: This report provides a daily overview of the working hours for a selected period. In addition to the start and end of working time, the duration of breaks, the duration of working time, the duration of holidays, the duration of illness and other absences are displayed in hours. In the total time, the previously mentioned working hours and absences are summarised. In addition, the overtime of the day as well as the accumulated overtime in the month are listed. In the case of overtime payment or inclusive hours stipulated in the employment contract, these are shown in the column "Charged (hours)". Holiday file: This report provides a yearly overview of an employee's absences, especially holiday time, in the selected year. The upper section provides an overview of the total entitlement and use of leave and a list of sick days with and without a certificate. The middle section shows the actual annual overview in calendar form. Here the entered absences are displayed, taking into account the working time model, weekends and public holidays. In the rear part of this section the target and actual working days, the days absent due to illness, special and educational leave, holidays and vocational school are added up monthly. Below this, there is also a summation over the whole year. The lower section shows the legend to the entries in the calendar. Module name: workingTimeAccount.app. Classes: CX_WORKTIME_ACCOUNT.