This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_ASCII_FILE - ASCII file" regarding Description: An object of this class refers to an ASCII file, provides methods for reading and writing as well as for simple file operations. (The class CX_FILE_INFO is available for the management of files themselves). This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_ASCII_FILE - ASCII file" regarding File encoding: The class supports several common file encodings (not only ASCII). When reading files with known encoding, the encoding should always be set Read explicitly before opening the file. If the encoding is not known, DetectCodepage should be used to determine the code page (if possible) from the file contents. When writing files, the encoding defined by the receiving file interface should always be explicitly set. If nothing has been defined, the UTF-8 encoding should be used, which can represent all characters efficiently and is supported by most modern programmes. Attention: The default encoding has been changed from CP850 to UTF-8 as of Dll version 228586. Note: The TransTable command can be used to register byte translation tables for reading via Read . These are applied to the read data BEFORE the conversion from the set file encoding to the encoding of the ClassiX system (UTF-8) is carried out. This means that any code pages can be supported - even ASCII-incompatible ones such as EBCDIC! This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_ASCII_FILE - ASCII file" regarding Record formats: Variable sentences as well as sentences with fixed length and fixed data positions are supported: Default setting for reading: is variable record length, the end of record determines NL, CR or a combination of both. While using a file, the record format can be changed, so that, for example, data can be written first in variable form and then in a fixed record structure. Therefore, this class can handle both typesetting formats simultaneously. Application examples:. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_ASCII_FILE - ASCII file" regarding Code example: 181614 CX_ASCII_FILE can be iterated and the above example can be simplified as follows. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_ASCII_FILE - ASCII file" regarding Code example: * MA = Member Access Function * I = Indexable data field.