This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_COUNTRY_LOCALE - Country specific data" regarding Description: A country locale is used to manage all country-specific information. The settings for the USA are implemented by default. If a new country is to be included in the locales file (see also CX_LOCALE_FILENAME), the entry must begin with the keyword "COUNTRY". This is followed by the definitions of the individual pieces of information, whereby only those differing from the USA must be included. This does not apply to the countryCode, which must be specified. The following list shows all information contained in a country locale and what the default setting looks like. The information in the locales file is given by the field name followed by an "=" and the desired setting. All settings that are placed in inverted commas represent strings, whereby their length is arbitrary, so that, for example, the definition for the minus sign does not have to consist of only one character. The changeover times from winter to summer time and vice versa are coded as periodic dates. In the standard setting, on the first Sunday in April at 2.00 am the changeover to summer time is made one hour ahead, while on the last Sunday in October at 3.00 am the changeover to winter time is made one hour back. In addition to this, nationwide public holidays can also be set for a country. The information under "accessCode" and "DIALTRANSLATION TABLE" is inherited by subordinate locales. This means in practice that these data, which were configured for the COUNTRY Germany, are also valid for the federal states. As soon as the access code or conversion table is defined for a sub-locale, it replaces the inherited data. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_COUNTRY_LOCALE - Country specific data" regarding Implementation table: The conversion table contains the entries for converting an international telephone number so that it can be typed in on the local telephone and the desired connection can be reached. The table must be located before the HOLIDAYS or the next COUNTRY, STATE or REGION section! An empty or non-existent table will result in incorrect interpretation of telephone numbers. There is one entry on each line. Each entry has the form "x y", where x is the part to be replaced by the number and y is the part to be inserted instead. Example of such a table: The local telephone is located in the business premises of the ClassiX® company. If the number +49-40-209401-12 is to be dialled, the part "+49-40-209401-" is replaced by "" (nothing). This leaves the 12th. If this is dialled, the extension 12 is reached. If +49-341-9733333 is to be dialled, the table is processed until the first hit is found. Here it only matches at +49-. This part is replaced by 0 and 0341-9733333 remains. For international numbers (country code not equal to 49) the + would be replaced by 00, which would make +1-222-333-4444 here 001-222-333-4444. Examples: Business premises company ClassiX®: Connections at the University of Leipzig: US-American location: (This location does not have a private branch exchange, so the entry with your own phone number is unnecessary).