This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_FORMULA - Formulas" regarding Description: Calculation rules, which do not exist as part of a program but as data generated and managed by the user, are represented in the ClassiX® system by objects of class CX_FORMULA. A formula object contains an arithmetic expression in the external, human readable form and at the same time an internal representation, which allows a very fast evaluation of the expressions. The result of the evaluation of a formula can be any object (a numerical value, a truth value, date, string, etc.). The elements of a formula are operands, operators, InstantView® macros and function calls. Operands are variables or constants. Note: The operands are always objects. The operations allowed in a formula call corresponding virtual functions of the operands, and thus the object determines the semantics of the operators. The syntax of formula expressions corresponds to the syntax for describing arithmetic expressions in BASIC, FORTRAN and other common (procedural) programming languages. Terms can be combined in parentheses to influence the order of operations. The complete grammar is documented here in EBNF notation. Several function parameters are separated by commas. Individual expressions which are to be evaluated independently of each other must be separated by semicolon (this is useful for assignments with :=). In the formula expression, comments may be placed in the usual C++ form, i.e. at any position with /* . */ and at the end with // Variables and external functions refer to objects that have not yet been specified. Only when the formula is evaluated are these operands assigned to data fields or methods of specific objects and thus their value determined. For this purpose, objects are registered in the ClassiX® system(PlugSpace), and thus a current context is created through which the variables of the formula receive a concrete meaning(example). This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_FORMULA - Formulas" regarding Display on screen: A surface object of the type String is used to display objects of this class. The following figure shows an example (program code): * MA = Member Access Function. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_FORMULA - Formulas" regarding Special functions within a formula expression: * I = Indexable data field.