This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Date period" regarding Description: This class consists of a date(CX_DATE) and a duration in a time unit (Duration, CX_VALUE). It can be interpreted in different ways: The date represents the start and the date extended by the duration (start+duration) represents the end. If it is interpreted as an operation, it starts on the date and its effort is stored in the duration. This effort can be 0 or even negative. For these two meanings there are flags in the value validEnum which cover certain special cases: On the one hand it can be determined that the interval is unlimited (infinite) or semi-unlimited (no start or end). On the other hand, the duration can extend only over certain days like working days(net) instead of all days (gross). These modes are mutually exclusive: If the date period is (semi-)unlimited, the duration has no meaning. (Theoretical duration: infinite.) If the duration is net, the date period must be limited. The duration does not have to be given in days. It can also be given in weeks, months, years and so on. If the date falls at the beginning of such a period, it is called a diffuse date period. In this case the date period stands for a certain number of periods in the coarser unit. Again, there is a limitation compared to the modes: Diffuse date periods are always restricted and gross. For certain arithmetic operations, such as setting the start date, it may be necessary to calculate the duration back to individual days. The date is initialised with the current date, as is any date. The duration is set to 1 day by default. The default mode is gross and restricted(FROM_TO). In a sense, any simple date can also be understood as a date period: Many functions that were actually designed for a date period can also be applied to a date. If a duration of one day is assumed. While a date can be incomplete, a date period must have at least one year. It is therefore not possible to define periods such as "April - May" or "1 - 15". This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Date period" regarding Code example: 1 "On 10.1.1996" 2) "From 10.1.1996 to 12.1.1996 3rd "The second quarter of 1994". 4 "From the 14th to the 17th calendar week 1996 inclusive". 5) "From 20.5.1996". This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Date period" regarding 1. use of a surface object of type String: In this case, the object is specified in a single input field. In addition to entries of the type "Start date - End date", entries such as "2nd quarter 1996" are also possible. Also entries like "4KW96-7KW96" (= "from the beginning of the 4th calendar week to the end of the 7th calendar week 1996") are supported. The following table shows all possible representations. Please note that the year can be entered in two digits, in which case the currently set base century is added. The unit of measurement, e.g. "Mt" for month, depends on the system units set. For example, in German you can also write "Monat" instead of "Mt". Spaces and full stops are optional, so that "2nd quarter 1996" can also be written as "2Quarter1996" or "2Q96". Note: When entering a date period, the start and end dates are separated by one of the following characters: '-', '-' or '/'. The following figures show examples (programme code):. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Date period" regarding 2. the use of two interface objects of type Date: The start date is entered in one field and the end date in the other (programme code). Please note that only defined start and end dates can be managed without additional surface objects, i.e. specifications such as "from 3.10.1990" are not possible. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Date period" regarding 3. the use of the interface objects Date and String: The first surface object indicates the start date and the second the duration (programme code). Please note that without additional surface objects only defined start and end dates can be managed, i.e. specifications such as "from 3.10.1990" are not possible. In connection with these display options and certain InstantView instructions, the flags belonging to the object play an important role, as they can be used to modify the display of the object. * MA = Member Access Function * I = Indexable data field.