This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_VALUE - Value" regarding Description: This class allows real numbers to be specified with a unit . Since each object of this class knows its unit , it is guaranteed for a value that only permitted arithmetic operations are possible: e.g. "1 m + 5 h" is an impermissible addition, while "1 m + 30 cm" results in the value "1.3 m". Furthermore, a value can also become unitless : this state can arise in arithmetic operations, such as "5 m / 3 cm", and is represented by a value without a unit: e.g. "1.2356". Since different units are used in different countries and these can be held in the system at the same time, the results must potentially be converted into the desired target unit after the calculation. In the USA, for example, the unit "gallon" is used instead of "litre". To obtain the desired unit after a calculation operation, the functions Convert or ConvertWeak are available. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_VALUE - Value" regarding Code example: Special case temperatures Temperatures are usually specified in °C, °F or Kelvin. These specifications are also supported by the ClassiX system. However, since °C and °F are not simple factors (10°C + 10°C ≠ 2 - 10°C ≠ 20°C), when a CX_VALUE with °C or °F(224347) is applied, the value is implicitly converted to kelvin. Using CX_VALUE։։Convert, a temperature can nevertheless be explicitly converted to °C or °F, but these values cannot subsequently be offset against other units. Default values CreateTransObject(CX_VALUE) creates an object - with the unit of measurement registered in the ClassiX system, see SetDefaultUnit and - with as many decimal places as specified for this unit. If SetDefaultUnit has not yet been called, the default unit is "piece". This unit has 0 decimal places by default. Display on screen The following options exist for displaying objects of this class: 1. use of a surface object of type String. In this case the object is specified in a single input field. The flag NF_DIMENSIONED must be used so that the unit is also displayed during export. If no flags are passed, the flags NF_DIMENSIONED and NF_AUTOMATIC_DECIMALS are used by default. The following figure shows an example (program code): 2. the use of two surface objects of the type String, in one of which the numerical part and in the other the unit is entered. The Numeric interface object can also be used to manage the numerical portion. It is possible to use the Enumeration or Combo fields for the unit, so that the user can be provided with a selection of units(programme code): Note: In ClassiX® the components of a compound unit are displayed separated from each other by the multiplication sign "*" and the separator for fractional numbers (e.g. "/") set in the system. It is important to note that no brackets are used to avoid complicating the output of a unit. Thus the unit "m/s*kg" corresponds to the unit "m/(s*kg)" and not to the unit "m*kg/s". In connection with these display options and certain InstantView®instructions, the flags belonging to the object play an important role, as they can be used to modify the display of the object. Behaviour with Put For the import, the same rulesapply regarding the precision for CX_VALUE as for CX_NUMERIC. * I = Indexable data field.