This is the description of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Net period lengths": Date periods have a (start) date and a period length (duration). If you move the start date by this period length, you get to the end date. However, the start date does not have to be extended by exactly these, for example, days. Alternatively, the end date can be determined in such a way that between this date and the start date there are exactly as many days of a certain category as were specified with the duration. In the latter case, one speaks of a net date period, in the former of a gross date period. A net description of a date period is the only exact representation of the real data in certain applications. Example: Holiday plans are generally drawn up in companies on the basis of working time accounts. This means that each employee has a certain quota of holiday days per year. If, for example, an employee is on holiday in the period "29.06.2001 - 13.07.2001", only 10 days are deducted from his working time account instead of 14. Essential for the determination of day categories is an application-wide or local calendar in which it is possible to see to which categories each day belongs. ClassiX® records this assignment in the so-called locales. In the graphic above, the calendar is visualised by grey zones on which no holiday day may be placed. Therefore the bar-shaped holiday periods are interrupted for these zones. When moving these bars, these omission times also move with them, so that the bars always contain exactly the same number of holiday days. Further explanations of the representation of date periods in the XGantt control shown above can be found in the descriptions of the ActiveX controls currently used in CyberEnterprise®. A net indication of the period length does not always have to refer to working days. Rather, any of the date type categories and combinations thereof can be used. For example, a date period can also include exactly those days that are not working days (NO_WORKINGDAY). The only restriction is for days that belong to several categories (e.g. public holiday and commemoration day). As indicated in the description of the data field validEnum, such days are assigned to either one or the other category (in the example commemoration day (cat. 3)). In order to determine the net days of a date period, it is not necessary to specify it in the corresponding category. Instead, when querying NetDuration via the identical function, the latter is calculated if necessary. A storage in the category by which the real data is defined (e.g. working days for holidays) is usually more performant and protects against falsification. Anexample of such falsifications is a holiday date period "1.10.1990 - 7.10.1990". If this gross was created at the beginning of 1990, 5 working days were deducted from the working time account for this. Since 3.10.1990 was declared a public holiday in the course of the year, this interval now only comprises 4 working days. If the working time account is not subsequently changed, the employer loses one day's holiday. If, on the other hand, this date period had been correctly created as "5 working days net from 1.10.1990", then changing the calendar (moving a public holiday) now results in the interval "1.10.1990 - 8.10.1990". The additional free day is therefore added at the end without the need to change the data.