This is the description of the class "CX_SPAN_DATE - Diffusion": A date period is called diffuse if its period length is specified in a time unit other than days and the start date contains a date with which a period in this unit begins. For example, the beginning of such a period would be a Monday for weeks, the first of a month for months and January 1 for years. A later conversion of the period length on a daily basis is possible. Such a conversion takes place automatically when certain functions are used, e.g. SetStartOfPeriod. The unit of the period length, and thus the diffusion, can be lost by using functions. However, the system tries to maintain the unit of period length whenever possible. For example, for certain functions that require a daily basis, such as JoinPeriods, a conversion is performed internally to determine the result. However, the original data in the date period remains untouched. Whether a date period is diffuse can be checked with the IsDiffuse function. Diffuse date periods are not always coarser, but in some respects can also reproduce original data more accurately. Example: The date period ("1.10.1990", "1 month") covers 31 days. If you apply the AddMonth function with the value 1 to it, you get ("1.11.1990", "1 month") This now covers 30 days. If, on the other hand, the function is carried out on the date period ("1.10.1990", "31 days"), the function will come up with ("1.11.1990", "31 days"). The latter is now no longer a month but a day. Thus, if the real data for a date period are available in a unit other than days, e.g. a subscription to a monthly magazine or statistical data relating to quarters, their most faithful representation is a diffuse date period. The second application for diffuse information is the presentation of coarser time periods (periods). For example, the "41st week 2001" is internally represented in the form ("8.10.2001", "1 week"). Here, 8.10.2001 is the first day (Monday) of the 41st week of 2001. Larger time periods are therefore always represented as diffuse date periods. This standard interpretation as a rough time period is also taken into account when exporting a date period to a string. Thus the above date period is output as "41st week 2001". This happens even if the date period is not explicitly set as calendar week and, for example, the result of a calculation is unintentionally diffuse. In order that such a result is not diffuse and is therefore output in this way, the diffusivity must be destroyed, at least for the display. For example by expressing the period length in days. The FirstPeriod and LastPeriod functions also focus on a coarser division of time. For example, if the date period is diffuse on a monthly basis, they provide the first or last month within this period. For an overview of all possible period length units for a diffuse date period, see date units. Diffuse date periods can also be created independently of an existing date period: Creating diffuse date periods.