This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_STOCK - Bearing" regarding Description: This class manages a warehouse. An object of the type CX_STOCK describes a warehouse as CX_CLEARING_OBJECT. storage location. If different storage locations belong to a certain area (plant, department, .), then this can be described via CX_DOMAIN objects. can be modelled. Each storage (location) has at least one storage bin, which can be modelled as CX_ACCOUNT object. This account can be assigned the unit of measure, the capacity, a blocking note, the maximum weight, . as dyn. data fields can be implemented. If a storage location has several SELF-managed storage bins (chaotic warehouse), then several CX_ACCOUNT objects are generated accordingly, which contain precisely these capacities can be controlled and distributed. Via main/subMonitors, the CX_ACCOUNT (storage bin) object(s) of the storage location are assigned the CX_ACCOUNT objects of the goods to be stored. Properties such as: - High-bay warehouse, WE, WA, picking warehouse, . - Picking technology - Handling of inventory differences - Storage and retrieval strategies (manual bin, block storage, .) - Acknowledgement obligations - Zero check - Hazardous substances, etc, etc, are also taken into account via dynamic data fields and correspondingly in the scripts. The dyn. data fields are entered in the most meaningful fields. objects. FIFO, LIFO properties must be supported by the CX_ACCOUNT objects. as well as whether fast or slow movers are present. Fixed attributes: stockEnum: own warehouse (0), consignment warehouse (1), bonded warehouse (2), . (bit pattern) location : POINTER of type CX_ACCESS to indicate where the warehouse is located. OPEN: Capacity of the storage location (CX_ACCOUNT). LIFO, FIFO (CX_ACCOUNT). This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_STOCK - Bearing" regarding Code example: Check ring of exchange objects* MA = member access function, greyed out = inherited function Validity period of the object* I = Indexable data field, greyed out = inherited data field.