This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_NEURAL_NETWORK" regarding Description: This class allows dealing with self-generated neural networks. The implementation of the neural networks is based on the OpenNN Library: https://www.opennn.net/ Currently supported forms of data transfer for training and testing: CX_EXCEL_XML, ObjectListView, Collection, Vector. Within the given data set, the types of the following list are supported:. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_NEURAL_NETWORK" regarding Supported data types: It is important to note the correct formatting of the columns of the training and test data. Each column must correspond to exactly one format (each item in the above list of supported data types corresponds to a format). For columns of values with units, the cells in this column must all have the same base unit. During training, the most frequently used unit of the column is used to determine the default unit, which serves as a reference for converting all cells of the column and all future input values of this column. The currently supported net types are Regression and Classification. Nets of type Regression are suitable for models with numerical output (see above list of supported data types), where the magnitude of the output values correlates to the inputs (e.g. price of a house depends on the properties of the house). Classification type networks are suitable for models with categorising output (see above list of supported data types), i.e. outputs in the form of clearly distinguishable classes (e.g. type of a flower depends on the properties of the flower). Basically, one must be clear: the use of neural networks is generally suitable for models in which the inputs are not orthogonal to each other, i.e. are mutually correlated. In addition, (at least some) inputs must be correlated with the output(s). For models where the inputs are mutually independent, a statistical approach is more appropriate. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_NEURAL_NETWORK" regarding Regression: A regression type network consists of 5 layers:. This is the description of the functionality of the class "CX_NEURAL_NETWORK" regarding Classification: A Classification type network consists of 4 layers:.