This is the description of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)": This is a module for maintaining addresses. An address can be either a street address or a PO box address. A street address can also be assigned communication objects such as telephone, fax, mobile phone objects, etc. Addresses are assigned to other business objects, whereby an address object can be assigned as often as required (see list window Anlieger/Postfachinhaber). The assignment itself can be overwritten by means of wrapper objects, so that so-called sub-addresses (with symbol ) in order to achieve very accurate address information, but without storing redundancies. This is the description of the functionality of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)" regarding Input window for street addresses: The first window is for maintaining a street address. In the second window tab, further residents can be assigned to the street address. The input fields of a street address depend on the country code (a list of the correct postal addresses can be found here). In the following, the fields are therefore only described in general terms with regard to their contents:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)" regarding Input window for letterbox addresses: The first window is for maintaining a letterbox address. In the second window tab, you can assign additional letterbox owners to the letterbox address. This is the description of the functionality of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)" regarding List window residents/mailbox owner: In this window, you can maintain the list of business objects assigned to an address. This is the description of the functionality of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an address object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "address" with the name "Addresses (module)" regarding Received messages: none.