This is the description of the module "assetAccountBalanceList" with the name "Investment accounts": The fixed assets summary list enables the valuation of the inventory for a given financial year and the automatic determination and updating of the depreciation possible for tax purposes for each asset (annual financial statement). For each fixed asset in the inventory, the total balance is shown in this evaluation, which is made up of the subtotals of the book values on the 1st day of the financial year to be evaluated, the additions and disposals, transfers, write-ups and write-downs. If no annual financial statement has yet been carried out for an asset, the depreciation possible for tax purposes at the end of a financial year - based on the depreciation rule defined in the asset - is output as the calculated value. Otherwise, the year-end depreciation actually carried out by means of an annual financial statement is output. The totals list corresponds to the fixed asset schedule in the logic of the output of its columns. In addition, the development of the value of the fixed assets since the end of the last financial year can be tracked in the totals list. The following calculation (based on the column values) is possible for this purpose: Book value PY (previous year) plus additions in the current financial year minus "Value on disposal" of a financial year (do not confuse this column with column "Disposal") plus transfers in the current financial year plus write-ups in the current financial year minus depreciation in the current financial year = book value FY (at the end of the financial year)As a cross-check (based on the fixed-asset movement schedule), the following calculation can also be made: AfA-BMGL plus additions in the current business year minus disposals in the current financial year (do not confuse this column with the column "value at disposal") plus transfers in the current financial year plus write-ups in the current financial year minus accum. Depreciation = Book value FY (at the end of the financial year)The asset summary list contains all values and sorting criteria (see last columns asset classes/groups) to be able to evaluate assets. This is the description of the functionality of the module "assetAccountBalanceList" with the name "Investment accounts" regarding List window: The "Options" menu can be used to set different layout options for the listing. This is used for clarity and simplification, e.g. if you only want to see the totals by balance sheet account of the fixed assets or if you want to copy the list without subtotals to the clipboard. Fixed assets can be transferred directly from the list window of fixed assets to the fixed asset summary list using drag & drop. Likewise, lines from the annual account list in the tax depreciation tab of fixed assets can be transferred to the fixed asset summary list.