This is the description of the module "attrisit" with the name "Subject characteristics bar": The characteristics list of a variant part determines the characteristics which can be differently pronounced for the part. In addition to the use of the variant part itself, the variant part can also be assigned to so-called sub-parts, which are differently pronounced in exactly these characteristics. This is the description of the functionality of the module "attrisit" with the name "Subject characteristics bar" regarding Functionality: This window is used to maintain the characteristics bar of variant parts. You can create global Insert, change or delete attributes. Additionally you have the possibility to create new local attributes which are then only valid in this variant part. The attribute data can be edited by double-clicking. You can change the order of the attributes with the arrow buttons. You only need to select one attribute in the list and then move it up or down using the buttons. A context menu for editing the attributes is called up by right-clicking. In addition to creating a local attribute and inserting a global attribute, there is another way to extend the attribute bar, dropping an attribute. If a master attribute is dropped into a characteristics bar, it is inserted globally. This is different for local attributes which have been inserted in another characteristics bar, for example. With this type of attribute, a copy is created and inserted locally. An attribute in the attribute bar is only a (controlling) attribute if "no value specification" or "attribute" is set as type. In this case, the attribute may only be a preset attribute. Otherwise "other" attributes can also be assigned to a variant part, the "Type" column must remain empty. It is recommended to place all attributes of a variant part at the beginning of the attribute list in the desired order. You can insert attributes of the following types: You can also find more information in the topic Features.