This is the description of the module "busiyear" with the name "Financial year": In addition to an operating calendar for maintaining production times and a personnel calendar for recording and maintaining absences (holidays, sick days) and working with flexitime, this module is used to manage financial years and their periods. The maintenance of the financial years is usually the responsibility of the controlling department. For fiscal years and their periods, any time periods can be entered, e.g. to be able to specify a short fiscal year. After logging in to the system, the closest posting period is automatically registered by means of the session date - when the system is started it corresponds to the system or current date. If the session date is not in a business period declared as started, a warning message is displayed. The currently logged on fiscal year is displayed in the bottom line of the main window. You can - after logging in to the system - change the session date at any time or change to another started fiscal year. In all document masks (outgoing invoices, material postings, time sheets, financial postings, etc.) all started posting periods of the currently logged in - started - business year are always offered for selection. As a rule, however, only one period is/should be started at a time. At the beginning of a new month, two periods are often temporarily started in order to be able to add postings from the previous month. To give the accounting department time for the closing operations of a period, this period is first declared as "finished". This means that it can no longer be selected in all other areas outside accounting. A period is finally closed when it has the status "archived". This is the description of the functionality of the module "busiyear" with the name "Financial year" regarding Input window: After a fiscal year has been created (see the description of the fields), the periods within the fiscal year must then be entered. The total period of the fiscal year should completely cover the periods of the individual periods. If the periods correspond to calendar months, they can be generated automatically (see menu item "Generate periods automatically: Months"), otherwise please create the sub-periods individually. In the sub-periods you must also set the status of a period to be posted to 'started'. By double-clicking on one of the created periods you can edit it. As a rule, you will divide a fiscal year into 12 periods (months). If you want to set up a 13th posting period (or even more) for closing operations, you can set up individual days or limited periods of the last period as posting periods: for example, 30.12.07 and/or 31.12.07 or 28.12.07-31.12.07, 29.12.07-31.12.07. A financial year and its specific period may only be defined once in the system. Within a fiscal year, a period that is exactly the same may also not be contained more than once. If periods overlap, only one warning is issued. This is the description of the functionality of the module "busiyear" with the name "Financial year" regarding List window: Used to list the financial years recorded in the system. This is the description of the functionality of the module "busiyear" with the name "Financial year" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a fiscal year. If necessary, you can freely select the fiscal year under the corresponding menu item in the 'System' menu. For example, if you are working in the area of financial statements.