This is the description of the module "capacityPlanning" with the name "Capacity planning": To be able to calculate the planned workload of an employee, workstation, machine or other resource against the available time budget, a total planned time for a period (usually calendar weeks) must be entered. Here the full working time is given without taking holidays into account, e.g. for employees with 40 hour weeks for one year 8 hours daily. Capacity planning therefore only forms the basic time frame of the employee. Absence times, such as holiday or illness, are maintained via the employee's absence times, which automatically reduces the planned capacity in this period by the employee and all assigned work groups. Employees and work groups can be planned precisely by the day, other resources only by the week. For employees, it is advisable to schedule the capacity in normal daily working hours, i.e. as a rule, 8h is entered in the Capacity field and the grid is set to "Days". The weekly working time is only extrapolated and also entered for employees on the basis of the daily capacity (8h) times the number of working days within the calendar week. An evaluation is therefore later possible both on a daily and weekly basis. The planned capacity is then saved by clicking on the "Set capacity" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "capacityPlanning" with the name "Capacity planning" regarding General capacity planning: Planning the capacity for a resource is always done in 3 steps (please refer to the links to the different areas for more detailed explanations of the individual topics) Step 1: Set the available capacity of the resource Step 2: Planning of requirements Step 3: Overview of the planned capacity:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "capacityPlanning" with the name "Capacity planning" regarding Input window: Capacity planning is carried out in the specified period (date range) in the selected grids (calendar weeks by default). These grids should only be changed in connection with the change in the posting of work sequences, so that the working times actually posted can actually be calculated against the planned times entered. For employees, the standard grid is "days". With "Set capacity" the entered planned times within the entered time period are then written to the resources (employees, workstations, work groups) located in the list "Selected resources" below. Specificity Staff capacity+working group capacity: If the capacity of employees is set in days (grid "days"), the sum of all newly planned working days contained in a week is also transferred to the superordinate week. In addition, the capacities of all work groups to which the employee is assigned are adjusted. The capacity of work groups is thus automatically determined based on all assigned employees. If employees (who already have a capacity planning) are assigned to work groups at a later date, the total capacity of the work groups can be determined automatically. To do this, use the menu item "Capacity planning-->Determine capacity from subordinate resources"(see below in the "Menu" table) When recalculating the capacity, the already planned absences of the employees are automatically taken into account. So if an employee has an entered absence (holiday or illness.) on one day, then this time period will not be occupied with new capacity even if the capacities are reallocated!