This is the description of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres": Cost centres are part of cost accounting alongside cost types and cost units. This module is used to maintain and display cost centres. This also includes the maintenance of planned costs. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Input window: This window is for maintaining cost centers. You can select an account by entering the desired account number in the "Number" field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The input of Job Accounting data is divided into different tabs on the window:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Cost centre: The core data of a cost centre are entered in this tab. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Employees: This tab shows the employees assigned to this cost centre. The assignment of an employee to his cost centre is done in the module for maintaining an employee. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Accounting: In this tab, the other objects assigned to this cost centre such as workstations, machines are displayed (i.e. all assignments to a cost centre with the exception of the employees, who are shown separately in the previous tab). This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Cost rates: The cost rates (overhead rates) of a cost centre are maintained in this tab. The cost rates are stored as characteristics, the name of the characteristic determines the (type of) overhead rate(s). This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Domains: In this tab, cost centre dependent domains (or in the context of cost centres also called company codes) can be set up. This information is maintained only by the system administrator. Start script The interval checks and start scripts are inherited from top to bottom in the hierarchy. This means: If these settings are set in the client, they are valid for all users until the user's cost centre, a higher-level cost centre or the user himself has changed these settings on the corresponding editing masks. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding List window: Lists the cost centres. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Results window: This window lists the cost centers and/or cost elements for which the planned cost audit trail has found an inconsistency. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Selection window: This window is for selecting a cost center. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costcent" with the name "Cost centres" regarding Option window: This window is used to maintain options for the presentation and display of cost centres, as well as information on the import of planned costs.