This is the description of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings": Cost accounting - consisting of cost type, cost centre and cost unit accounting - is integrated into financial accounting and is supplied with data from there as far as possible. Additional repostings or distributions of costs are carried out with this module, in which you specify the cost elements, cost centres and cost objects that are to be transferred and/or the cost elements, cost centres and cost objects that are to be included. Transfer or distribution postings between cost elements are only possible if the issuing and the receiving cost element is totalled to the same profit and loss account. Cost or service postings can be booked directly as individual documents or entered as periodically recurring postings. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain individual cost/activity posting documents or periodically recurring documents. You can select an already saved cost/service posting document by entering the desired number in the "Number" field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Position input window: This window is used to maintain the individual items of a cost/activity posting document. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Split booking entry: Use this window to maintain the split postings of an item of a cost/activity posting document. Both sender and receiver data can be split to multiple cost centers, cost types or cost objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding List window: Used to list cost/activity posting documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding List window (periodically recurring document): Used to list periodically recurring cost/activity posting documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Selection window: Use this window to select a cost/activity posting document object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a periodically recurring cost/activity posting document object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costbook" with the name "Cost and service postings" regarding Execution window: Use this window to enter updated data when copying, reversing cost/activity posting documents or executing a periodic cost/activity posting document.