This is the description of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories": Cost types are part of cost accounting alongside cost centres and cost units. Cost elements can be assigned to a higher-level account in financial accounting (P&L account) and then serve to make accounting evaluations clearer and not to inflate the accounts unnecessarily. Such cost elements belong in the structure of the profit and loss account. In addition, allocation cost types can also be defined, which are only posted via cost and activity postings and are thus neutral to financial accounting. Cost elements are only posted if the corresponding setting has been made in the client under cost accounting/cost element accounting. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain cost elements. You can select a cost element by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Click on 'New' in the cost element frame to create new cost elements or double-click on already listed cost elements. Finally confirm with 'OK' and click on 'New' to create new cost types, otherwise close. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding Conditional cost centre assignment: Use this window to maintain the rules and cost centers for the conditional assignment of cost centers. Right-clicking opens the context menu below to insert or remove cost centres. Double-click on an entry to maintain the condition. The cost centre that applies first in the table is then always used for a booking. If none of the entered assignments apply, no cost centre is taken over into the entry. A condition can, for example, read as follows: var(cyberEnterprise).uniqueID="001", in order to achieve a separation by client. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding Check structure: Serves to check structures/order terms for completeness. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding List window: Used to list the cost types. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a cost type. This is the description of the functionality of the module "costtype" with the name "Cost categories" regarding Wizzard Cost Elements Settings: With this wizard, settings can be set for a group of selected cost elements in one. The checkboxes in front of the groups "Financial accounting", "Cost units" and "Cost centres" can be used to show or hide the data fields. Hidden data fields are not changed in the cost elements by the Wizard.