This is the description of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement": Customer agreements keep customer specific data of a sales item, such as a negotiated price or customer's own number. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Article number of the customer: The customer agreement can be used to record the customer's article number and description. There are two advantages to doing this. Firstly, it simplifies and clarifies communication with the customer. If the customer calls and gives his article number, the sales item can be easily found via this number. But the biggest advantage is that the article number can be provided with a condition if the article, which is managed as a variant part, is managed by the customer in different versions, or with exactly one version. The characteristic can then be specified on the basis of this number. If, for example, an article is included in an order and this is specified in the search using the customer's own number, the attributes are automatically defined in the order item. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain customer agreements. You can enter a new price agreement by pressing the Insert button and then selecting a customer (from sales item) or a sales item (from customer). You can also drag a customer into the customer agreement list in the sales article or a sales article into the list of customer agreements of the customer. To create a customer agreement from transaction data, simply open it by double-clicking and save it in the customer agreement window. The input window opens and you can now save it to create the customer agreement. You can then enter the data for the agreement. For an explanation of how to enter a price, it is best to read the documentation on price processing. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Customer Agreements: This window is used to evaluate customer agreements, projects and framework agreements. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Customer article group discounts: This mask is used to edit the customer-article-group discounts, i.e. the discounts resulting from the combination of an article group with a customer group. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Customer article group discounts: This mask is used to process customer article group discounts, i.e. the discounts resulting from the combination of an article or discount group with a customer group or sales territory. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customagr" with the name "Customer Agreement" regarding Technical documentation: Either the customer agreement(CX_OVERWRITING_REF) is transferred or NULL is transferred to create a new customer agreement. The sales accounts of the sales article and the customer must be transferred in any case. The monitor is determined from the accounts with Call(DataCubeCore). The monitor is transferred with the messages CUSTOMER_AGREEMENT_CHANGED and CUSTOMER_AGREEMENT_CREATED to update the list. If NULL was transferred on the Stack Top, it is checked whether a customer agreement already exists for the 2 transferred Sale Accounts. In the macro CreateObject againCall(DataCubeCore) with TRUE to create the monitor if it does not exist. Then the sales account of the sales article is wrapped and a price value per quantity is created. DELETE_CUSTOMER_AGREEMENT: The monitor containing the customer agreement to be deleted is transferred. If no customer agreement is found, an error message appears. Afterwards the wrapper of the sales article Sale Account is removed and the message CUSTOMER_AGREEMENT_DELETED is sent with the monitor as transfer parameter.