This is the description of the module "cxCity" with the name "Postcodes and area codes": Postal codes always determine a (postal correct) name of a city. In addition to the postcodes for geographical delivery areas, there are also separate postcodes for major customers and post office box cabinets. Keeping a postcode register thus simplifies the entry of place names when entering addresses. In ClassiX® , such postcode registers can be maintained for different countries. If you confirm a postcode with RETURN anywhere in a ClassiX® module (exception: P.O. box address editing module), the system searches for a corresponding entry in the postcode register. If there are several entries for the postcode entered, you can select the correct location from a list. If, in addition, location-specific data (locales) are persistently available in the database, a location can be assigned to them directly. You can thus determine the location as well as its location-specific data via a postcode. The prerequisite for this is, of course, that a postcode register is stored in ClassiX® for each country in question. These country-specific registers can be loaded automatically or entered manually: - For Germany, you can load the postcodes and area codes from the OpenGeoDB database (e.g. at http://fa-technik.adfc.de/code/opengeodb/DE.tab). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCity" with the name "Postcodes and area codes" regarding List window: Used to list the cities of a country defined by postal codes with the corresponding area codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCity" with the name "Postcodes and area codes" regarding Input window: This window is for maintaining postcode/city/area/area codes. It can only be called up from the list window, either by double-clicking on an existing location or by pressing the "New" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCity" with the name "Postcodes and area codes" regarding Import window: This window is used to import postcodes/prefix codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCity" with the name "Postcodes and area codes" regarding Options window: This window is used to maintain options for displaying and displaying postcode/ area codes.