This is the description of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature": In the context of trade in goods into and out of the EU, the goods supplied must be classified by commodity code. This module is used to load, compare and maintain commodity codes according to the combined nomenclature of the EU and the SOVA master file of the Federal Statistical Office in Germany. The Combined Nomenclature is the classification of goods (list of commodity numbers) issued by the EU for statistical purposes in intra-Community trade (eurostat). The Federal Statistical Office of the Federal Republic of Germany provides the nomenclature in the form of the commodity code index as a link to the Sova master file (e.g. for the year 2012 in the file SOVA2012.txt). In addition, data on eurostat are also available as a download on the pages of the European Commission(http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/ramon). There you can find the download of the combined nomenclature (in different official languages) under the metadata on the classification server and further as a selection of the combined nomenclature of the respective current year (e.g. for 2012: Combined Nomenclature, 2012). The entry "Structure of the classification in various formats: ANS, HTML, MDB, UDB, UTX, WXT, XML (these formats are described in the document "formaten.pdf")/Structure of the classification in various formats: ANS, HTML, MDB, UDB, UTX, WXT, XML (a document describing these formats is included)", whereby with this module the loading of data is currently only supported with files in .ans/.anf format. Since the total scope of these commodity number directories far exceeds the classification required by a company in the partial master, only those commodity numbers are (should be) maintained with this module that are actually required and used.The above data of the Combined Nomenclature are published annually and must be checked against the own data. This module also serves this purpose. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain commodity codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding List window: This window is used to list the commodity codes registered in the machine, import commodity codes, and automatically assign parts to commodity codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select commodity codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Download Combined Nomenclature: The combined nomenclature can be loaded from one of the files provided by the EU or the German Federal Statistical Office (SOVA Leitdatei). These files are only valid for one year, i.e. new commodity codes are added, other commodity codes are no longer valid after a certain point in time. Therefore, after loading a new file, the commodity codes that are no longer valid are listed. The parts assigned to these - no longer valid - commodity codes can be reassigned to another, still valid commodity code via the window for reassigning commod ity codes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Import used commodity codes: An Excel file previously created with the inspection run Missing commodity codes or another Excel file with the commodity codes used in the parts master can be read in under this menu item. The commodity numbers imported in this way can then be supplemented with the data from the SOVA master file in a second step with the programme run Load Combined Nomenclature. All commodity numbers that were not found in the SOVA master file are listed at the end of the programme run. These incorrect commodity numbers can also be identified by missing texts. These incorrect commodity numbers exist in the system and must therefore be corrected manually and then supplemented again with data from the SOVA master file. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Assign part numbers to commodity codes: With this program run, an Excel file with assignments between part and commodity numbers can be read in. At the end of the programme run, the part and commodity numbers not defined in the system are output on the screen, as well as in the log file. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Reassign parts of a nomenclature: In this window, the parts of previously selected commodity numbers can be assigned to a new commodity number. In this way, the parts with individual - e.g. no longer valid - commodity numbers can be assigned to a new commodity number. If you have to divide the parts of a commodity code among several other commodity codes, you can also insert combined nomenclatures into the list window of the parts master by drag & drop, whereby the parts of the nomenclature are listed. The parts can then be individually assigned to a new commodity code in the editing window of the part master. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxCombinedNomenclature" with the name "Combined Nomenclature" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.