This is the description of the module "cxIntermediateStocking" with the name "Interim Storage": This module is used to record intermediate storage. Intermediate storage is necessary if a commodity ordered from a supplier is to be sent by direct delivery to a packaging company and from there to the customer. In this example, instead of the direct delivery document on the purchase order, an intermediate storage document is created on which the packer's warehouse is then specified. As a result, the goods are temporarily in the packer's external warehouse (interim storage document acts like a goods receipt). Since it must still be possible to allocate the value of the goods to the company's assets until delivery to the customer, this warehouse stock is also listed in the warehouse statistics. Likewise, in the warehouse account of the part, the warehouse stocks at the possibly different packer companies where the goods are temporarily stored can be viewed. The goods that are temporarily stored via an intermediate storage document are not freely available because they were ordered directly for an order item. For this reason, the goods are also directly marked as reserved in the warehouse account (quantity on hold). So that it is still possible to recognise which requirement reserves this reserved quantity, the interim storage document is displayed in the MRP account via a normal delivery note until its complete delivery. Attention! If the intermediate storage is not available, the intermediate storage document is also NOT registered in the MRP account! Only the total stock of the storage part is counted up (total.quantity), but not the available stock (current.quantity). This also does not increase the quantity put back! However, the stock movements can be seen in the stock statistics. It is advisable to mark the supplier's warehouses as "not available for planning" so that it is not assumed that there is a stock in the company which does not exist. In conjunction with an intermediate storage document, the delivery note acts like a goods withdrawal document. It is also listed in the warehouse statistics. The valuation of these goods is, in contrast to the normal warehouse valuation, not based on the average price, but directly on the standard price of the order part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxIntermediateStocking" with the name "Interim Storage" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain interim storage documents. For a more detailed description click here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxIntermediateStocking" with the name "Interim Storage" regarding List window: This window is used to list intermediate storage. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxIntermediateStocking" with the name "Interim Storage" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select interim storage documents.