This is the description of the module "cxPerson" with the name "People": This module is used for the care of the persons. A person is described by their different names, date of birth, address, etc. This data represents the basic information that is transferred to the respective roles (contact person, employee, consultant, customer, etc.). More specific data is maintained in the roles of a person. Linking the roles to a person ensures that no redundant data is created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPerson" with the name "People" regarding Input window: This window is used for the care of people. The window is divided into four flaps. The most important one is the first tab "Master data". It contains basic personal data as well as communication information such as address and telephone number. These can be maintained in the lower area via the main menu or the context menu. The second tab "Additional data" contains data which is not part of the most important personal data. In the standard system, the bank details of a person are found here, which can also be maintained accordingly via the main menu. At the same time, this tab provides space for customer-specific extensions. The third tab "Characteristics" offers the possibility to add the characteristics (attributes) defined in ClassiX® to a person and to assign corresponding values to them. The fourth and last tab "Picture" is used to store a picture of a person in the database. An image can be loaded via the button "Select image". This is then displayed accordingly. With the help of the radio buttons the display can be selected, either in original size or dynamically adjusted to the window size. This image is used at different places within ClassiX®, e.g. it is displayed in the employee mask. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPerson" with the name "People" regarding List window: This window is used to list the persons. The list of roles and communication objects of the person currently selected is displayed on the right-hand side of the window. Double-clicking on a role takes you directly to its input window. Furthermore, the context menu can be called up by right-clicking to create new roles or to display the validity. Communication objects can be edited with a double click. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPerson" with the name "People" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a person. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPerson" with the name "People" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.