This is the description of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)": In the ClassiX system all lists displayed on the screen can be transferred to other programs - such as Excel - via the clipboard. Consequently, reports can and are created from these lists. A report is - according to the ClassiX terminology - a list prepared with a design tool, the lists always represent the data basis for reports.It is therefore best to create a new report from the reporting window that has already been called up with the data of a list. Only in this case, i.e. if data (from a list) is already available, can you open the Designer report. If you do not have a current list window with data, however, you can also build on an already existing XML file.Alternatively, you may have opened the Report window because you want to edit an existing report. You can then, for example, change the name and/or the description or edit the layout of the report with the report design tool.Another way to create reports is to use the Data Query Wizard. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain reports. The Report tab in the input window contains some general information about a report. These can also be edited at this point and are saved by clicking on the save symbol or the OK button. If you create a new report, you should give the report a name in the Report name field and enter a more detailed description if necessary. The category in the ClassiX® system determines which reports belong to which list / list window. This should therefore be selected carefully. A special feature is that there are two buttons in the toolbar of this input window to start the report designer. The button Reporttool-Designer can always be used if data is already known, e.g. if this input window was called up from the Reporting window. The other possibility to start the Designer without having come out of the reporting window - i.e. no data is known - is the button Reporttool-Designer, load from file. You will be asked for an XML file. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Defined number ranges: The numbers for the reports should be divided into categories:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding List window: This window is for listing reports. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a report. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Selection window for report execution (Automatic report execution): This window is used to select a report to be executed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Import and export: In order to make general changes to reports in a history manageable and to make changes to standard forms available to all ClassiX customers at once, there is the possibility to export reports into a text file or to import them from it. The resulting file name is composed as follows: If the "Customer derivation" indicator was set, the file is not exported directly to the standard report directory, but to a subdirectory with the customer abbreviation. If an attempt is made to import a standard form for which there is a customer derivation, the machine reports an error and terminates. It is therefore not possible to overwrite the customer derivation with a standard form. To ensure that there are no problems with encoding tables when importing and exporting, the rule was introduced that the short name and the module name must not contain any umlauts, spaces or special characters. This will be checked when saving and the report will not be saved if it does not comply with this rule. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Composition of the file name of a report: The following widgets are attracted for the filename: Context, Report Name and Custom Report. The contents of the Context and Report Name widgets are linked with the "-" character and the Custom Report checkbox controls whether "_" is appended to the filename with a client abbreviation before ending in ".rptdesign". Example:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReport" with the name "Reports (module)" regarding Technical Documentation: Extension: "My reports" (like "My favourites"), per user, as structure At the moment: one (for all) structure "REPORTS Simplest interface: Module with a list has a button "-Reporting", with SELECT: Widget(, ListBox) classID SendMsg(SELECT_REPORT) -> Reporting.mod with report selection as a tree from the automatically found node in the structure; buttons "Print" and "New" (with "New" EDIT_REPORT is sent with the widget -> in reprtedt.mod automatic creation of the default layout). Otherwise as a menu item in MiniWorkbench. A "REPORTS" structure node must be assigned in the Edit window; the node can also be created automatically.