This is the description of the module "cxStock" with the name "Stock": Each warehouse must be created in the CyberEnterprise business OS. This describes a specific room, a specific building, which serves as a warehouse for parts. Within a warehouse, the individual storage locations must also be stored in the system as storage bins. In CyberEnterprise business OS, warehouses and their storage locations are not only textual information but describe accounts with their respective stock values. (see also the processing of a warehouse posting in an OLAP network from accounts).A warehouse can be assigned an administrator, an owner and/or a cost centre. The address of the manager is taken over as the address of the warehouse (as a copy). This address can be overwritten manually. In the 'Control' tab, the type of warehouse can be declared as a consignment warehouse, a customs warehouse or a manual warehouse. Such warehouse types can also be specified in more detail in the form of classification terms (see below).Furthermore, warehouses can be marked as non MRP if the stocks of these warehouses are not to be taken into account in MRP from requirement and stock lists.In addition to these indications, different classification keys can be assigned to a warehouse, e.g. in order to assign the warehouse to a storage type (e.g. in addition or optional to the above mentioned type indications), to a (total) storage area, etc. The classification keys can also be assigned to the storage type (see below). Once assigned, the classification terms can be supplemented with characteristics in order to optimally control warehouse management.In the standard system, the term "storage type" is predefined as a classification term for a warehouse with the identifier "STORAGE_TYPE". Sub-concepts for freely definable storage types are Block storage, open-air storage, high rack storage, picking warehouse, shelf storage, etc.The storage bins assigned to a warehouse can also be assigned to classification keys (see there classification key "PICKING_ZONE" for picking zones or storage areas); it is up to the internal organisation to find an optimal structure of the information for the company.By assigning warehouses to company codes, logistical control (e.g. specification of minimum stock levels) and stock monitoring can be further differentiated. If a company code has been assigned, the"no disposition" indicator should also be set.The identification as "chaotic warehouse" serves to have the system automatically allocate an empty storage bin when goods are received.In the tab 'Domains' it can be specified whether and to which domains the stock of parts in storage bins of this warehouse should be divided. (Not implemented in the standard system). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStock" with the name "Stock" regarding Input window: This window is used for the maintenance of bearings. You can select a warehouse by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". In the field 'Number' you can assign a warehouse number or the system will give a consecutive number. Then enter a short name and a description for the new warehouse. If, for example, the new warehouse is an external warehouse, you can mark this with a tick in the "Type" section. In the field 'Administrator' you can, for example, select an employee who is responsible for the warehouse. In the tab 'Control' a formatting for storage locations can be entered. (see group description) Press 'OK' to save your entries. With 'Edit - Storage bins' the listing of all existing storage bins of the warehouse opens. You can now, for example, add new storage bins or revise an individual storage bin by double-clicking on one of the entries. With 'Display all stock movements' you can call up a list of all movements in the warehouse. From this list, you can access the article in the parts master or the storage bin and from there to other points by clicking on 'Edit'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStock" with the name "Stock" regarding List window: Serves to list the warehouses. You can search for an individual warehouse by number, name or designation or sort the complete list according to individual criteria. With 'New' you create a new warehouse. The input window 'Warehouse' will then open. To edit an existing warehouse, click on the desired entry in the list window. The input window 'Stock' appears. It is possible to drop parts, warehouses, storage bins and structures into the list to display warehouses. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStock" with the name "Stock" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a warehouse.