This is the description of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area": Storage bins are objects of the type "account" (CX_STOCK_SPACE) and have the task of managing stock quantities of parts in a warehouse or storage aids. Other business objects can also hold an account of the type "storage bin", e.g. forklift trucks for the short-term storage of goods. It is not possible to make a stock entry (entry, removal, transfer) without having defined at least one warehouse with at least one storage bin beforehand. A warehouse can have any number of storage bins, a storage bin is always assigned to only one warehouse. Storage bins typically have a bin "number" which is or should be exactly the same as the identification of a particular storage bin in the physical warehouse. In addition to information on location, size and capacity calculation, storage bins can be assigned to various sort keys, for example, to assign the storage bin to a storage type, storage section, picking area, staging area, door, or transfer zone, etc. Once the evaluation groups have been assigned, characteristics can be added to them in order to optimally control the warehouse management. In the standard system, the term "picking zone" (also often referred to as storage area) is predefined as a classification term for a storage bin with identifier "PICKING_ZONE". Sub-terms for freely definable picking areas are: Fast-moving items, Slow-moving items, etc.The term "perpetual inventory" is also predefined in the standard system as a classification term with the identifier "CONTINOUS_STOCKTAKING". Within this order structure, the storage bins are divided into individual subgroups for which inventories are then carried out one after the other in the course of a year. In this way, an inventory plan is defined for all storage bins, which ensures that each storage bin is counted at least once within a business year. The warehouse assigned to a storage bin can also be assigned to sort keys (see sort key "STORAGE_TYPE" for storage types), it is up to the internal organisation to find an optimal structure of the data for the company. Storage locations can be assigned to a topography of a warehouse in order to optimise paths in the warehouse. It is recommended that the storage locations are specified for aisle/rack/compartment (see utility Split storage location numbers into aisle/rack/compartment, which can be called up from the menu of the list window) and their X, Y and Z coordinates are set (see utility Import X, Y and Z coordinates of storage locations, which can be called up from the menu of the list window). The window for maintaining a storage location can only be called up via the module for maintaining a warehouse . This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain storage locations. You can select a storage bin by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Now assign a seat number and enter a description if necessary. Under 'Capacity' you have various possibilities to enter a value for the capacity, e.g. with value = 500 or by a formula etc. In the group "Storage bin information" the stock, its value and the date of the last inventory are displayed. With 'OK' you save your entries and with 'New' you can create further storage bins. With the buttons 'Stock entries and 'Stock'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Test storage and retrieval machine (SRM): In this window a TCP/IP connection to a storage and retrieval machine (SRM) can be established and a command can be issued to the SRM. After the command has been given, a response is expected (in standard). Herewith it can be tested if a transport order is processed correctly. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding List window: Serves to list the storage locations. A storage bin can be assigned to each storage part, which is then displayed in the list 'Storage bins in the warehouse.'. With a double click on one of the entries the corresponding input window opens. The list can be built up via the individual selection fields or by dropping objects: In addition, structures or folders can be dropped from the activities that contain several of the object types described above. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a storage bin. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Search storage locations by inventory date: Search window in which a date can be entered and bearings selected. The system then searches either from all selected warehouses or, if none was selected, from all warehouses for the storage bin part accounts for which no inventory has been posted since the date entered and creates these immediately in the inventory. This window can only be called up from the inventory. A variant to this selection of uncounted storage bins is offered by the extended selection of storage bins. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Divide storage location number into aisle/rack/compartment: In this window the specifications are made according to which an aisle, shelf and compartment number can be determined and stored for each storage location from the storage location number. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Import X, Y and Z coordinates of the storage locations: In this window, the information is entered to import the X, Y and Z coordinates of the previously selected storage locations from an Excel file. The different coordinates can also be imported separately from different files. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStockSpace" with the name "Storage area" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.