This is the description of the module "finacopy" with the name "Copy financial accounting document": You can copy any document that has already been posted and use it, for example, as a posting document for regularly recurring postings (rent, electricity or leasing invoices). You can also use this module to copy a document as a reversal posting (see field selection under copy type). The posting document is also copied, but the values are multiplied by (-1). The newly copied document is either posted immediately, if desired, or is first displayed in the posting mask for further manual editing of the accounts and/or values. The account assignment can also be updated automatically, i.e. if, for example, totaling accounts of sub-accounts have been changed: first, all postings/open items of a sub-account to be changed are cancelled, then the assigned totaling account is corrected (e.g. from "Deliveries abroad" to "Delivery EU") and the postings "updated" are copied again. The same applies to changes in the assignment of cost elements to Guv accounts. This module can be accessed either directly from the main menu (Activities/Accounting/Financial Accounting/Copy Postings), from the posting entry mask or from the journal. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finacopy" with the name "Copy financial accounting document" regarding Input window: This window is for copying/cancelling financial accounting documents. After you have selected a document, the 'Copy document' button is released and you can choose to make a copy or a reversal entry. If there are several documents with the same document number, a selection window of postings with the same document number opens for further specification of the document to be copied. The fields 'Receipt no.', 'Booking day', 'Receipt date', 'Booking period' and 'Booking text' can be individually adapted for the copy of the booking. If the cancellation option is selected, the text 'STORNO: ' is automatically placed in front of the posting text. This text can, of course, be changed before the booking is made. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finacopy" with the name "Copy financial accounting document" regarding Selection window of postings with the same document number: The selection window opens if several documents have the entered document number - and if selected: in the selected posting period. The desired document can then be selected by double-clicking, by dragging and dropping it into the object box below the field "Document No. ALT" or - after selecting the desired document - by pressing the "Select" button.