This is the description of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting": This is the central booking module of financial accounting. All booking events of a financial accounting can be processed with this module. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Keyboard Operation: You can make the entire booking using the keyboard - i.e. without using the mouse. Either use the 'Tab' key to move forward from field to field, or the 'Shift' and 'Tab' keys to move backward from field to field, or use the 'Enter' key on the numeric keyboard (right-hand side of the keyboard). When you reach buttons, they are triggered with the Return or Select key (2nd key to the right of "Ä"); the Enter key is used to exit the button without action. In selection fields (drop-down boxes) the selection can be made with the arrow keys, a selection field can currently only be left with the tab key or mouse. If the input is repeated in the course of several bookings, the value from the previous booking can usually be transferred into the field by pressing the 'F8' key. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Functionality: Before you start your daily work after logging in, please make sure that you are in the correct business year: Display at the bottom left of the main window. The session date is displayed in the bottom right of the main window. Especially if you have just started a new business year, it is advisable to pay special attention to this. You may have to change the financial year or, in exceptional cases, the session date. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Booking: First select the document type according to the posting event, for example, 'A/R invoice'. This will display the fields required for this posting. The most common posting transactions described below are offered by default. All other posting transactions are carried out using a split posting. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Split booking: For example, if you want to post an A/P invoice in partial amounts to different accounts, first press the 'Split' button. This will automatically change the layout of the posting mask for the special requirements of a split posting. A journal window appears in the lower part of the booking mask as well as further buttons and fields: Each of the partial amounts can be posted as a debit or, if necessary, also as a credit according to the document. The page exchange is carried out via the 'Debit/Credit' button. The remaining amount is displayed on the right above the split booking window: The individual partial amount postings are confirmed with 'Post debit' or 'Post credit'. If an error has crept in, select the partial posting. You can then use the context menu (right mouse button) to correct the partial entry. The context menu offers the following options: After the balance has been cleared, the entire split posting is completed by clicking on the 'New document' button. It will then be posted to the specified accounts and displayed in the journal. .and by double-clicking you can access the booking journal and view the booking in detail:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Cost allocation: The value of a cost element posting can be distributed to different cost centres and/or cost objects. The window for cost distribution can only be left if either all costs have been distributed ("Post" button is active) or no costs have been entered ("Cancel" button is active). Distribution postings that have already been entered can either be changed or deleted (via right mouse button or menu "Entry"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Error messages: Before a posting document is finally posted, the system performs checks. If any of the checks fail, one of the following error messages is displayed:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Booking batch: On the second tab of the booking screen there is a list window showing the bookings made in the current session and their total balance. By selecting one of the entries and double-clicking on it, the booking journal opens up, where it is possible to check and verify that the booking has been made correctly. To continue with the booking, do not click on 'Close', but simply return to the 'Book' tab. As an alternative to double-clicking, the right mouse button can be used to open a context menu with the following options: By means of the "Print" button, the batch of entries can be printed out as a list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Unbooked vouchers: On the third tab of the booking window there is a list of unbooked receipts. If an interruption occurs during the booking (currently e.g. in the case of larger split bookings) or if you have mistakenly not completed the booking correctly, it will remain in the "Unbooked vouchers" window. If necessary, you can click on this tab, mark the corresponding booking line and open and select the context menu with the right mouse button:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Settings booking mask: On the fourth tab in the booking screen you can manually change the default settings from the client master data for the individual booking session. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Document settings: In addition to the settings you can make for your respective posting session, general settings for the financial accounting document can be made depending on the posting type under the advanced settings of the document presettings. For example, the bank details, the address for a cheque or the e-mail address for the payment advice can be specified for individual suppliers for outgoing payments. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding OP Compensation: If a person booking is made, the OP account is automatically displayed after the account number is entered. From this view, you can then select any open items to be cleared ( Clear button). For security reasons, the balance of the open items selected in this way is not automatically transferred to the booking mask, but must be entered manually in the general ledger booking mask. If this manually entered amount is equal to the sum of the open items to be cleared without deduction, the entry is made immediately. If the amount is lower (or unequal), i.e. a deduction was made on payment, for example, this OP Compensation window opens for closer examination of the difference or for checking the distribution of the possible deductions to cost centres or cost units. This window also opens if the deduction was justified e.g. due to a discount granted. One clearing entry is displayed per control key. You can change the difference amount or the adjustment accounts by double-clicking or using the context menu (right mouse button). If lines with no amount remain in the list, these are omitted in the subsequent posting. A difference amount may, for example, differ from the "discount possible" amount if charges have reduced the payment amount. In this case, a new clearing entry can be created directly, which displays the fee amount (without a control key). (The original clearing entry must of course also be reduced by this amount). In the standard case, it is assumed that the clearing amount is a granted/drawn cash discount. However, if it is a clearing of open items with foreign currency, where the balance of the foreign currency amounts itself does not result in a difference, a clearing entry is created via the currency loss, profit accounts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding context menu: The possible clearing entries automatically differentiated by the system according to control key and account assignment can be edited in this mask. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finabook" with the name "Bookings financial accounting" regarding Buttons: From a single open item account (customers, suppliers, employees, representatives) or from the listing of open items, foreign currency operations can be revalued. The open items selected for this task are listed in this window. In addition, the currency table can be selected and displayed in the middle area of the window, by means of which the revaluation is carried out. In the lower area of the window, the currency loss and profit account can be specified and other details for the transfer posting can be made.