This is the description of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart": Gantt diagrams are used to graphically represent time sequences of related processes or tasks. If forward scheduling has taken place, a change in the duration of an operation - within the critical path - leads to a postponement of the finish date. If backward scheduling has taken place, a change in the duration of an operation - within the critical path - will result in a postponement of the start date. The termination mode (termination: forward/backward) is displayed on the right above the graph. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Graphic: This window of graphical display of a Gantt chart. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Backward scheduling: This window shows the latest end date for planning the Gantt. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Forward scheduling: This window shows the earliest start date for planning the Gantt. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Select period: This window is used to define the display scaling with regard to the period to be displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Programmer's Guide: When programming, please note that the date processing between ClassiX® and the Gantt chart is different. The duration of 1 day is represented by ClassiX® as follows: 22.09.2004 - 22.09.2004 in the Gantt diagram , the calculation is always performed from 0:00 to 0:00: 22.09.2004 (0:00) - 22.09.2004 (24:00) (=23.09.2004 (0:00)) For this reason, when displaying a ClassiX® date in the Gantt chart, one day is first added to the end date. When writing the dates back, the date is corrected back again, i.e. one day is subtracted at the end. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantt" with the name "Gantt chart" regarding Class: -.