This is the description of the module "instchbook" with the name "Assembly cost allocation book": Within the scope of an intercompany allocation, the assembly cost allocation book is used to post registered assembly certificates in the financial accounting. For this purpose, the costs to be borne by the various cost centres of different, affiliated companies are booked between the companies via clearing accounts in the various companies (company codes). The corresponding documents can be filtered using various selection criteria. In addition to the filtered documents, the list also shows the initial account assignment belonging to each assembly certificate. Thus the assembly cost allocation book can also be used for control and evaluation. If the client's assembly certificates are divided into individual domains, the certificates from the domain logged on are displayed first, but you can switch to other domains or display the assembly certificates from all domains. This is the description of the functionality of the module "instchbook" with the name "Assembly cost allocation book" regarding Manual account assignment: An assembly certificate can be manually assigned to an account after it has been registered but not yet posted to financial accounting. When registering, a preliminary account assignment is already made automatically if this has been set above the client. A distinction can be made between simple and detailed account assignment. If it is still necessary to adjust the account assignment manually, the functionality of this module can be used. The manual account assignment can also be used if the assembly proof cannot be preassigned due to an undefined account assignment rule. While the group "assembly proof" is only used to display the assembly proof data and, if necessary, to maintain the conversion currency and its exchange rate, the group "account assignment" can be used to view the initial account assignment and make changes. In addition, the original, automatically made initial account assignment can be restored (via the menu). When leaving the window by clicking on the Close button, the assigned value is compared with the gross value of the installation certificate. If a difference occurs here, the assembly certificate jumps to the status "not assigned" and can therefore not be transferred to the financial accounting until the difference has been eliminated.