This is the description of the module "itemVarianceAnalyze" with the name "Parts Variance Analyser": The constantly changing requirements in the markets lead to a constant adaptation and expansion of the own product range (external variance). In addition, the company's own engineering and production also contributes to changes in the parts used (internal variance). This external and internal variance often leads to a constant growth of the own parts base and can lead to increasing difficulties to configure the own products customer-specific and error-free.Carefully constructed parts classes or other ontologies can help to keep an overview and order in the parts master, but they usually cannot prevent the parts master from growing per se. Also missing is the definition of a configuration logic for the own products.By introducing sustainable variant management, the growth of the parts master can be slowed down sustainably, which automatically leads to an increased overview, improved order in the parts master and overall to improved efficiency in the production process. On the other hand, the necessary configuration logic for one's own product range results almost in parallel.For this purpose, it is first necessary to find "similar" parts in the part master, i.e. to find and structure groups of parts in such a way that the individual members of a group can only be unambiguously described by different versions of one and the same set of characteristics. The attribute scale itself is determined by the group and is therefore valid for all members (parts) of the group.For each group of parts, a so-called variant part with its specific characteristics is then created. The parts of the group are then assigned to the variant part as so-called sub-parts, whereby the characteristics list is defined for each of these sub-parts according to the characteristics of the sub-part. The sub-parts assigned to a variant part clearly show the differences between these sub-parts with regard to the characteristic values of the features.Here it can often already be established that sub-parts have been defined unnecessarily, since their characteristics - clearly described by the characteristic bar - are quite comparable and even substitutable with other sub-parts of the same variant part.The consistent introduction of product features, product feature strips and variant parts gives the entire parts master a clear structure. The focus is no longer on the individual parts, but rather on material features, i.e. characteristics that determine the parts to be used. The rules of configuration logic then only refer to characteristics - i.e. properties - and no longer directly to part numbers.This separation of the configuration logic from part numbers also makes it possible to determine configurations with parts for which there is still "no part number": in this case, the configuration determines variant parts with those characteristics for which there is (still) no subpart in the variant part. This does not have to be the case, because the desired - non-existent - part is clearly specified by the variant part and the distinct attribute list. With this unambiguous specification, it can be processed throughout the entire logistics process even without a system in the part master.Variant parts and their associated lower parts with a distinct list of characteristics can thus help to increase the diversity of the product range without creating an overflowing parts master: in this way, variance can be controlled. This is the description of the functionality of the module "itemVarianceAnalyze" with the name "Parts Variance Analyser" regarding Functionality: With this module, groups of parts can be found by examining the words in the part designations. For this purpose, all part designations are first broken down into the individual words. Each of these words holds all the parts in whose part designation this word occurs. By forming intersections or unions of these individual words it is easily possible to put together groups of parts of "similar" parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "itemVarianceAnalyze" with the name "Parts Variance Analyser" regarding List window: In this window, the entire functionality for analysing the variance of a parts master is summarised. The following procedure is recommended when analysing the parts variance: This procedure assigns more and more individual parts to variant parts, thus increasing the structure of the parts master. This is the description of the functionality of the module "itemVarianceAnalyze" with the name "Parts Variance Analyser" regarding Option window: All settings for data exchange can be made here. Once set, options can be saved as the default option for the logged-in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu item on the "Preferences" tab in the "User Preferences" list, which can be used to save the current options.