This is the description of the module "item" with the name "Part master data": The ClassiX® system distinguishes between a part and the possible roles of a part. A part itself contains the descriptive data that can be named regardless of its use. For example, a part could be completely described by "carpet". Depending on its use, further data entities or roles are obtained: If the "carpet" is sold, then sales-specific data such as sales price, is maintained in the role sales item . Further roles would be order article (with data like main supplier, last purchase price) , production part (with data like bill of material, routing, lot size), etc. In ClassiX® any roles can be assigned to a part.Furthermore, ClassiX® distinguishes between single part, sub-part and variant part:A variant part describes a group of things or parts that are distinguished by certain characteristics: For example, "carpet" can be distinguished by colour and width. We then say that the variant part "carpeting" is described by the characteristic bar with the characteristics colour and width.A subpart is a unique characteristic of a variant part, e.g. "Carpet: Colour red, width 4m" . There is a direct assignment to a variant part, in our example to the variant part "carpet". Sub-parts can be detached (decoupled) from a variant part at any time and thus become an individual part.Individual parts are not variant parts and are not subordinate to a variant part. Individual parts can, however, be subsequently assigned (coupled) to variant parts. Usually, most EDP systems only support single parts.The advantage of processing with variant parts is that previously unknown characteristics of a part do not always have to lead to data entry. For example, if a customer wants a "carpet" with the colour pink and a "carpet" of this colour has never been processed before, this "carpet" can be ordered directly from the supplier as a variant part with the new characteristic pink without entering a new order article.The characteristic bar of a variant part consists of various characteristics or attributes. In our example above, these were the attributes colour and size . The attribute size can also be a formula attribute, i.e. it is calculated from the attributes"length times width". In this case, the attributes length and width must be specified in the subpart.The variant part "carpet" can of course be specified more precisely by further attributes. For example, material type (such as wool, plastic, or similar), pile thickness (in mm), pattern, etc. would be possible. One could even go so far as to define all carpets in the world as a sub-part of only one variant part. However, this would require an increase in the number of characteristics to be able to describe each carpet in a sufficiently distinguishable way from the others.To what extent parts are described with different variant parts - or whether variant parts are used at all - depends very much on the individual case. A DIY store may have only a few (or even only one) "carpet" variants, whereas a carpet manufacturer will prefer a more structured structure of its "carpet" variants. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Input Window: This window is used to maintain the part master. You can select a part by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If several parts with the entered number exist, the selection window with these parts is displayed. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". In the menu under "Edit -> Variants -> Filter part number" you can set which part type can be searched for in the field number. When you create a new part, you should first determine whether it is a single part, a variant part or a subpart (Edit -> Variant part -> Part type). The part number for single and variant parts should be unique. When creating a sub-part, the 'Variant part' field appears to select the variant part to which the sub-part is to be assigned. Then assign a part number that makes sense to fit into the part master. Subparts can be created very easily by first calling up its variant part and then pressing the 'Insert' button in the list of subparts. A subpart is then automatically created, linked to the previously called variant and you only have to maintain the specific attributes / characteristics of the part. Existing subparts can be copied by right-clicking on the subpart to be copied in the subpart list of the variant part and selecting "Copy". All part data is copied to the new part, including all characteristic settings as well as MRP and stock account settings. Part roles and provision data on the logistics account are not copied. You can create a new part role by calling up the corresponding menu item in the "Edit" menu. If the part role has already been defined, it is indicated by a button in the toolbar. You can change the stock data of the part with the button or the menu item "Stock account" to view and change it. With a tick in front of Spare part or QA part you can declare the new part as a spare part or provide it for QA inspection. In the lower section of the window, under Characteristics, you can insert or delete characteristics. Save your data with OK. You can use the validity to exclude individual parts that are no longer to be used from the current part master. It should be noted that this also has an influence on parts lists and stock levels. Invalid parts can lead to error messages if they have not been replaced. To be able to edit existing parts, select the corresponding part via the selection window by double-clicking on it. Via 'Edit' you can change search terms, insert and create characteristics, jump to the warehouse account, the purchasing data, etc. and edit them. Since non-controlling attributes can be assigned to each subpart, they appear grey in the list. The column headings of these attributes change depending on which subpart you have selected. Controlling attributes are shown in turquoise. Subparts can be decoupled from the variant part and then treated as individual parts in the system. This way, the part could then be declared invalid, for example. A picture can be stored for a part in the "Picture" tab. This is then saved in the database. A picture can be loaded via the button "Select picture". The radio buttons allow switching between the display in original size and the dynamically adjusted view, where the image is displayed in the current window size. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Convert to batch-managed part: Create a batch-managed part from an existing single part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Part status: The part status defines the different statuses that a part can have. The part status is thus an important element of the part life cycle. The part status is defined via the status term "ITEM_STATE". This evaluation group can contain both simple structure nodes and structure statuses . In the case of structure status, the status is automatically determined by transition conditions in other structure statuses. All simple structure nodes and the beginning of the status chain of the structure statuses are displayed for selection. Thus, the classification term "ITEM_STATE" could be structured as follows, for example: - In progress - Locked - Released (with conditional follow-up status) In this example, the UNDER_WAY, LOCKED, DELETED and RELEASED statuses can be set in the part by the user. RELEASED can be selected because this is the only structure status that is not referenced by any other status and is therefore recognised as the start status. The subsequent statuses are then derived from the data of the part. In the right-hand image, the status RELEASED is also shown next to the status definition. Through the transition condition (Expr.) "true", the part is automatically forwarded to the next status. From the next status, the status then determines which part data must be recorded and the part status is switched on when this has been done. The following examples provide an overview of the data that can be queried and the formula expression that can be used to do this. Options for editing and using the parts can be stored at the individual statuses. These options are stored as attributes at the structure node (see also Attributes/Properties and there in particular the paragraph: Attributes with control function). This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Common disposition or stock account for variant parts: Attention: These option fields are only visible if the option to set the joint accounts on the"Logistics" tab has been set via the client! For variant parts, it is possible to create a common disposition and warehouse account for all sub-parts and the variant part. This is useful, among other things, if it is irrelevant in which version a variant part is in stock. In this way, an MRP movement of a sub-part is only registered in the MRP account of the variant part. Nevertheless, all information on which sub-part the corresponding movement refers to remains available. This common account is activated via the part master mask via the checkbox "Common MRP account". If different MRP accounts already exist for the existing subparts, these are collected and moved to the MRP account of the variant part. See also AccountOwner. It is also possible to split this common dispo account again via the menu item Edit->Split dispo account. Now all individual entries are assigned to the corresponding sub-parts again. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Change part settings with Wizzard: This wizzard can be used to set settings for a group of selected parts in one. The selection of parts can still be changed with the wizzard open. The checkboxes in front of the groups "Part class", "Manufacturer", "Product number", "Status" and "Properties" can be used to hide or show the data fields. Data fields that are shown are changed in the parts by the wizard. These groups are not changed by hiding them. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Options window: Here you can select whether the name, e.g. "FAB_TEIL", or the description, e.g. "Fabrikat", of the individual characteristic is to be displayed in the column headers of the characteristic columns in the list of subparts. Each time the input window is opened, the option is reset to the default, i.e. the display of the name. When confirming a selection with the OK button, the input window is not completely rebuilt but only the list of sub-parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding List window: Serves to list the parts. Various other data related to parts can be dragged into the list. Among others, these are:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Option window (list window): All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a part. The part roles and allocations are displayed on the right-hand side. These lists can be used to conveniently create the corresponding objects for the selected part. To do this, open the context menu in one of these small lists with the right mouse button and select the desired entry. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Part weights (in one): In this window you can enter a weight for all previously selected parts, which is then transferred to these parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Part weights (list): Parts are listed in this window so that their weights can be maintained individually. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Parts release: In this window, the part previously selected in the list window - together with all parts of the associated parts lists - is listed, provided these parts are not in the "RELEASED" state. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Insert part roll: Used to select a divider roll. This is the description of the functionality of the module "item" with the name "Part master data" regarding Batch Wizzard: The batch wizzard can be used to select existing batch numbers for batch-managed parts or to add new batch numbers to the batch-managed part. Depending on the setting, the expiry date can be assigned to the batch number. The window is opened from the application in the following three options depending on the scenario:.