This is the description of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan": Work plans describe the work steps that must be carried out to produce a manufacturing part. A work plan consists of work sequences, which in turn may have their own work plans. Each sequence of operations describes which workstations and which machines are required for the production of the part and for how long. The basic heading includes an operation, a work station and a machine, and the times required for production are recorded. A variant item is a conditional list of basic headings. When exploding the routing, the (single) item whose condition is the first to be fulfilled is used. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain work plans. You can select a task list by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If several task lists with the number exist, the selection window is displayed and you can select the desired task list. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". If you create a new work plan, you must first save it before you can add work sequences. The creation date and user are preset and can be changed. A work plan consists of one or more items, which can be structured differently: The single item contains a resource (work centre, work group, machine, supplier) which is required in the specified (constant or calculated) quantity. If a supplier was specified as a resource on the routing item, this is referred to as an external work sequence(extended workbench). This means that the work defined using this sequence is not carried out by the company itself, but is ordered from the supplier specified in the resource. For more information, see Extended Workbench - External Sequences. Since routings themselves are only assigned to the part to be produced (the part to be finished, e.g. water pump), but the purchase order for the external work must be created via another part or unit of activity (e.g. unit of activity galvanising), the order article via which the external work is ordered can also be specified on the work sequence. An external work sequence therefore contains the following data, which makes it an external work sequence: A variant item is a conditional list of basic headings. When exploding the routing, the (single) item whose condition is the first to be fulfilled is used. You can change the order of the work plan sequences with "up" and "down" arrow buttons. To do this select a position and then move it up / down. The new sequence is automatically saved. Before you use a routing (which contains conditional items or calculated/conditional time specifications), you should test it (Test Resolution). This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding List window: Used to list the work plans. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding Work plan positions (across different work plans): In this window the positions of the previously selected task lists are displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a task list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobsched" with the name "Work plan" regarding Work plan items (search results): If a search was carried out using set attributes, the positions to which the search applied are displayed here. A search for attributes applies if the subitem itself has the attribute you are looking for in any specified form, or if the subitem has a formula or conditional table as a quantity that contains this characteristic. For quantities as formulas or conditional values, the value of the characteristic is never checked. This means that if you search for LENGTH=34mm, a BOM/routing item is not displayed, even if it contains a quantity table with an entry LENGTH=34mm. Likewise, conditional BOM/routing items whose condition exactly matches the searched expression are not found. Only if this position also has the fixed attribute LENGTH=34mm, it will be found. So if you want to search all conditional entries and formulas for an attribute, you have to use the search on "available". A double click on an entry opens the editing mask of the position.