This is the description of the module "jobssing" with the name "Sequence of operations": A work plan consists of individual work sequences or operations. This module is used to record individual work sequences, i.e. work sequences that are only to be carried out at the workstation/resource specified in this work sequence. Only the set-up time and the piece time can be entered as a formula - and therefore variable. If a sequence of operations is to be defined variably with regard to the workstation/resource, a conditional sequence of operations can be inserted into the work plan. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobssing" with the name "Sequence of operations" regarding Distribution or calculation of production costs: In principle, the production costs for a part are divided into two differently valued parts: Labour costs and material costs As a standard, the additional costs incurred in addition to wages and materials, e.g. for purchasing or stock management of the required parts, are included in the overheads. These are stored globally in the client. However, the following approach is preferable in order to be able to calculate production costs precisely according to other costs incurred during production, such as machine running costs and programming costs, without having to include all costs invisibly in overheads: In the part or at the work plan position, a material characteristic must be defined which contains the costs for e.g. the machine costs per hour according to the following format costs = 120€/h (see below in the picture in the work sequence) You must therefore create a material characteristic for each cost element. The characteristic can also be stored directly on variant parts and calculate itself from other constraints (calculated or conditional characteristics). To be able to take these costs into account, a formula in the resource of the work sequence is necessary (in the picture the standard costs of the working group): Standard costs = formula = costs+(40€/1h) Since the formulae do not know any compound units, instead of 40€/h --> write 40€/1h and put this in brackets. The machine costs per hour specified via the material characteristic are now added to the standard machine costs per hour. In order to check whether the costs are actually there without any error occurring, the formula can be extended by a query as follows In this case, the system queries in advance whether the costs have been found and otherwise uses the value 0?, whose unit is based on the next component for further calculation. In the parts precalculation we then immediately see the result: The marked line is our work sequence, which has received wage costs of 1.600€ for 600 minutes (10 hours) (120€ machine running costs + 40€ standard costs = 160€ per hour * 10 hours = 1600€). This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobssing" with the name "Sequence of operations" regarding Set-up time / piece time / throughput time: The times can be given as a value, formula or conditional table in the parts list. Examples of values that can be used in a formula or condition in the sequence of operations:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "jobssing" with the name "Sequence of operations" regarding Functionality: This window is used to maintain individual work sequences or operations. You can select a sequence directly by entering the desired sequence number in the sequence field and confirming with RETURN. To show that this sequence of operations is an external production you have to select a supplier under resources. In addition, a unit of performance that represents this external performance and must be defined at the supplier. In this case of external production there are several rules to be observed, so that e.g. the deregistration of the PDC hours but also the preliminary costing of parts runs smoothly: A further description of external production within the work plans can be found here. The second tab "Document directory references" allows you to link the position to document directories. A document could thus serve as a quality assurance instruction, for example.