This is the description of the module "loadeddlls" with the name "Loaded DLLs": ClassiX速 consists, technically speaking, of a number of executable files and libraries (.dll files, in the following referred to as DLLs). There are ClassiX速 own DLLs, foreign libraries, ObjectStore DLLs and system DLLs. All DLLs are loaded into the address space of the process. This module provides an overview of these DLLs and shows where the DLLs were loaded. For each DLL loaded by the ClassiX速 process, this information is output: DLL: Name of the DLL Sequence: DLLs are loaded into the memory one after the other. This number indicates when the DLL was loaded. Base address: Each DLL has stored where in the address space it should best be loaded. But if this memory area is occupied, Windows loads the DLL into another, free address space (O6MOP1.dll in the picture, this DLL collides with another ObjectStore DLL) Windows moves the DLL tacitly; nevertheless this process is not without consequences, because on the one hand the movement takes some time, on the other hand a moved DLL can only be swapped out via the swap file (otherwise Windows throws the DLL out of the RAM and reloads it later from the .dll file). Size: Number of bytes the DLL occupies in memory. Address area: A summary from the previous two columns for the sake of clarity. Original address space: If a DLL has been moved in memory, this shows where the DLL would have been loaded to if there had been enough space in that location Address space. Path: File name with full path. The list is only a snapshot, because during operation ClassiX速 can load further DLLs, in which e.g. rarely used functions are stored. These functions can in turn reload further DLLs themselves. The sequence shows which DLLs were loaded first and which last. How you can see why the address space for ObjectStore cannot exceed a certain limit is explained in the section Address Space. This is the description of the functionality of the module "loadeddlls" with the name "Loaded DLLs" regarding List window: This window is used to list all loaded DLLs.