This is the description of the module "localeEdit" with the name "Location data": Important! Please also read the description on the subject of location-specific data in the installation documentation This module is used to create, maintain and manage location-specific data. These can represent and explain federal states, provinces and any deeply nested regions. When a user logs on to the system, the system checks whether a separate company calendar (locale) exists at the employing company (place of employment of the employee). If so, this locale calendar is logged on, otherwise it is checked whether the locale has one and so on up to the top locale. If no company calendar was found in this way, the system checks whether there is a locale at the client company and registers it. If no locale is linked here either, the locale specified in the batch file via the environment variables for country, state and region is registered. As the ClassiX® system knows the connections between different localities, for example the superordinate country of any state or region, the following possibilities arise: Generally speaking, a country's characteristics are handed down to a federal state and then to subordinate regions. However, some of this information can be overwritten by directly changing a certain property in a subordinate locality, for example a federal state. Now this new property applies to this subordinate locality and all its subordinate localities, for example regions. Of course you can also change the same property in some of the subordinate localities, for example in regions. However, a region can also pass on properties to a federal state and this to the higher-level state. This is the special case where a superior locality has at least all time zones of its subordinate localities. Of course, the time zones of the superior locality can be extended, but not restricted. This is another reason why you need to be sure where you are making settings. That is why the characteristics of a locality are divided into informative characteristics of the superior country, characteristics to be set in the superior country and characteristics to be set in this locality: Informative characteristics of a country are: - Country name - Country code - Number plate - Winter/summer time or summer/winter time changeover These properties are taken from internal tables and cannot be changed by the user to ensure consistency with reality. These informative properties are valid for the country and all its subordinate localities. The characteristics of a country to be set are: - National currency - International area code - Number format - Date and time These characteristics are from a superior country, not from a subordinate locality, and must therefore be changed at the state level. These properties to be set are valid for the country and all its subordinate localities. The properties of a locality to be set are: - Place name - Language - System number of the language - Time zone or start and end time zone (regions have only one time zone) - Working days - Telecommunications - Holidays and holidays These properties are specific to a particular location and can therefore be set at all levels. If these properties are only set at state level, they are also valid for all subordinate localities. However, as mentioned above, these can be changed at a subordinate local level. These changes are valid for the edited locality and all its subordinate localities. Telecommunication is an exception, as these settings are only valid for your own locality, neither taken from above nor transferred to below. A special case of informative features are the federal state and region codes. These are automatically assigned by the ClassiX® system when the corresponding localities are created and can be used in combination with the state codes to set the environment variables in the project-specific batch file. You can read more about this in the description of location-specific data in the installation documentation. Attention! If you make changes to the location that is currently set as the system location, you must first activate it by setting this location as the system location again. This is the description of the functionality of the module "localeEdit" with the name "Location data" regarding Input window: Fields. This is the description of the functionality of the module "localeEdit" with the name "Location data" regarding Operations calendar: In addition to the calendar for financial years in financial, fixed asset and cost accounting, as well as the personnel calendar for recording and maintaining absences (holidays, sick days) and working with flexitime, a company's non-working days are maintained in the company calendar. In this window, the previously entered operating calendar valid for the registered company or the registered user can be viewed and supplemented. As a rule, maintenance of the company calendar is the responsibility of the management. The entries added by an employee can be changed (double-click on list entry) or deleted. In the list, the added entries are additionally displayed in red font colour, so you can easily see which holidays are not directly location-specific, but really represent the company calendar and can be edited or deleted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "localeEdit" with the name "Location data" regarding Operating calendar entry window: This editing mask is used to enter or change user-defined operating calendar entries. The entry can be used for a single day off as well as for a period of several days. For this purpose, the period type can be set using the radio buttons. If it is set to "Period", an end date field is visible. This must then be filled with an end date. Please note that the changes made to the operating calendar only become effective after a ClassiX restart. Therefore it makes no sense to define today as a non-working day if users are already logged on to the system. The change is not effective for the users already logged in until they restart the ClassiX system once. See also operating calendar for the effects and links to business objects. Attention Date display in the list: After a change to an operating calendar entry without a subsequent restart, it may happen that the date display in the operating calendar list is still at the old value. Nevertheless the changes were taken over, also here the display is only updated after a ClassiX restart. This is the description of the functionality of the module "localeEdit" with the name "Location data" regarding Public holiday calendar: In the public holiday calendar, all public holidays defined in the system can be viewed - by country or by date. It is not possible to edit them here. This app is used, for example, to find out about possible public holidays at the destination before a business trip.