This is the description of the module "loggipit" with the name "Worklist - Work orders": With this module, booked work sequences or work orders can be listed. By default, only the open work sequences/work orders are displayed, but this can be changed to a display of already completed work sequences/work orders via a setting in the options. If you select a workstation or a production area, the still open work sequences/work orders of these production points are displayed: you can see the still open work list of a production point. It is also possible to display all work sequences based on a customer order, warehouse order or advance requirements. This gives you the production workload or workload related to an order. The list can be compiled and filtered in various ways. This module can therefore also be regarded as an information and control tool within the production (e.g. in the production control or at master stations), e.g. for individual work sequences the production documents can also be printed out directly or times can be reported back (see context-sensitive menu per entry). This is the description of the functionality of the module "loggipit" with the name "Worklist - Work orders" regarding List window: Via the toolbar it is possible to navigate to different accounts and master data. Orders can also be created for external work sequences. External work sequences must be handled via the procurement process of the disposable purchased part. See topic extended workbench. For each selected entry in the list, a special menu can be called up with the right mouse button:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "loggipit" with the name "Worklist - Work orders" regarding Option window: Among other things, you can set the display and search options here, i.e. what information you want to display and how you want to display it, but also how to search for work sequences. Depending on the option selected, the fields displayed in the window header change, so that you can search for the other selected type.