This is the description of the module "maintenc" with the name "Maintenance": If preventive maintenance work is required on machines, these maintenance plans (in the form of task lists) must be assigned to the machines. This assignment is made in the module for maintenance of the machines ( Maintenance tab). There it is also defined from which date with which periodicity certain maintenance work must be carried out. If a maintenance order (in the form of a production order) is then issued, it is posted at the machine. This enables a reliable check of the maintenance work already carried out, and at the same time it is possible to determine when the next maintenance work is to be carried out again. The task of this module is to find the machines and their maintenance plans for which maintenance work is required next. This is the description of the functionality of the module "maintenc" with the name "Maintenance" regarding Functionality: When clicking on the toolbar button is checked against all maintenance plans assigned to the machines to determine whether maintenance work is due from today. If maintenance is necessary, the due maintenance plan appears in the result list. By changing the date filter above the list, it is also possible to view the maintenance work due in the future. For example, you can enter in the date field a date from today in three weeks to see what will be due in the next three weeks. Only the first due maintenance plan is displayed, even if the periodicity would have to trigger several production orders by the time period entered. In order to be able to see all due maintenance work up to the selected date, the check mark "Show all due maintenance work within the period" must be set in the filter group. Now the same maintenance plan is also displayed several times at the due date. Example: Now all entries found for which a maintenance order is to be created can be marked in the results list with the mouse and the CTRL key held down. Afterwards the button "Production order" is is actuated. A production order item is then created for each selected item, the work plans are exploded and the work times are posted. The next due date is entered as the date for the production order, if it is not in the past, otherwise the current date is entered. If the due date is still to be changed, the work times in the resulting production order must be booked out, the date on the item changed and then the work times booked in again.