This is the description of the module "offorita" with the name "Offer-Order Attributes Editing Window": If an order or quotation contains many identical variant parts with always slightly different specifications, it is more economical to be able to use the same specifications for all of them. To be able to set the same attributes quickly and clearly, this window is provided. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorita" with the name "Offer-Order Attributes Editing Window" regarding Input list: This list represents all transferred order items with their defined attributes. If an entry is double-clicked, its attributes are displayed in the position editing window, where the value can be adjusted manually. If several order items have been selected in the list and the editing mask has been opened via the Edit button, all changes to the attributes are carried out for all selected items. This is also how the conversion from conditional to preset attributes and vice versa works. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorita" with the name "Offer-Order Attributes Editing Window" regarding Editing window: In this window, all attributes of the first marked order item are displayed. By double-clicking on the corresponding list line (attribute) the manual value is released for changes. Now different values can be entered here and you can observe how these changes affect the other attributes. If other attributes are conditional or formula attributes and dependent on the one just changed, the values are updated after clicking the "Calculate" button. In order to keep a clear overview of the changes, the list is divided into 3 columns: If there are conditional or calculated attributes in the list, but the result is still to be adjusted slightly, the context menu (right-click on the list entry) offers the possibility to convert these conditional and formula attributes into preset ones (Formula / Replace condition with fixed value). The new preset attribute is given the same value as the calculated one. Now this can also be changed manually. Please note, however, that after such a conversion this conditional attribute will no longer react to any changes of other attributes! It now has its fixed value! Also note that in the master attributes for each of the conditional and formula attributes there is a preset attribute with the same data field! If the new preset attribute is to be converted back to its conditional original form after all, this can also be done via the context menu. Here there is another entry that takes over this function (Formula / Restore Condition). The changes are only applied to the order items when the "OK" button on the list window is pressed!