This is the description of the module "oitmsupp" with the name "supply chain management": This module is mainly used to determine the delivery or provision status of one or more order items. Once an order item has been delivered, it is displayed as completed. If it has not been delivered, all parts of the supply chain necessary for complete delivery are displayed with their respective status. The status of possible follow-on documents (requirement request, purchase order, goods receipt, quality assurance, return document) is evaluated for MRP order parts (merchandise), for MRP production parts the status of the follow-on documents is determined and displayed for all parts of the bill of material (exploded bill of material item, parts request, production order, purchase order documents, etc.). If an order part has been produced, then the system will also flexibly search for follow-up documents from production and vice versa. ClassiX® supports flexible disposition, i.e. purchased parts can be manufactured or production parts can be ordered (also partially). This flexible disposition is also recognised and correctly evaluated by the SCM. Exceeded deadlines are additionally marked. For stocked parts the availability is determined at the warehouse. In the missing parts list with the option "Only insufficient parts" only those parts in stock are displayed which are available in insufficient quantity on the requirement date. A number of options (see below) serve to quickly gain an overview of the delivery capacity and its bottlenecks. By being able to navigate to the subsequent documents or to higher-level items, you can quickly obtain all the information necessary to intervene to ensure punctual delivery. This is the description of the functionality of the module "oitmsupp" with the name "supply chain management" regarding List window: In addition to this global menu there is a context sensitive menu (right mouse button) related to a single list entry. This is the description of the functionality of the module "oitmsupp" with the name "supply chain management" regarding Option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Requirements are never displayed twice, i.e. if an order item to be produced exists as an open requirement. for which there is already an exploded BOM item, the BOM item is displayed as to be produced instead of the order item. The same applies to requirement requests: if a merchandise order item is still open, only its follow-on document is displayed, not the order item itself. No settings in the options are necessary for this. This is the description of the functionality of the module "oitmsupp" with the name "supply chain management" regarding Implementation: Set up the subfolder SUPPLY_CHAIN in order REPORTS, implement the corresponding reports.