This is the description of the module "olapCustomerList" with the name "Customers sales article statistics": With this module a customer/ sales item or a sales item/customer statistic can be created for certain periods of time. The basis of these statistics are 2-dimensional OLAP data cubes (see also monitors) between customers and sales item objects. Depending on the selection of the - primary - dimension (i.e. the point of entry) into the statistics, the second remaining dimension is the so-called secondary dimension. If you choose"customers" as the primary dimension, the "sales items" are the secondary sub-dimension and vice versa.Depending on the selection of the primary dimension (customer or sales item), the total values of the statistics can vary. This is because sales can be made with "customers" even without sales articles (e.g. when using text articles or fixed values in orders or outgoing invoices). A statistic according to "Customers" can therefore be larger in total than the "same" statistic according to "Sales articles".The data is updated every time a quotation, an order or an invoice is saved. Whether the values are shown in the totals of the statistics depends on the status of the respective documents. Below is a list of the statuses that are included in the statistics totals for the various documents (the documents themselves are nevertheless always kept in the corresponding data cubes, only the values are not always added up):Status offersOffer submitted (OFFER_SUBMITTED)Offer partially converted into order (OFFER_CONFIRMED_IN_PART)Offer completely taken over as order (OFFER_CONFIRMED)Orders in statusOrder confirmed (SALES_ORDER_CONFIRMED)Job stopped (SALES_ORDER_STOPPED)Job waiting for acceptance (SALES_ORDER_WAITING_FOR_ACCEPTION)Mission accomplished (SALES_ORDER_IMPLEMENTED)Invoices/credit notesAll registered invoices/credit notes are included in the statistics (registered credit notes are only considered if they are issued for a customer. Credit notes for commission recipients are therefore excluded, for example). Values for packaging and freight are distributed proportionally among the sales items (if available in the invoice or credit memo), therefore there may be differences in the distributions (value of goods - packaging - freight) between the values displayed in these statistics and the values displayed in the list of invoices or credit memos. The totals are of course identical.All statistic values are held in local currency only. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olapCustomerList" with the name "Customers sales article statistics" regarding List window: In this window, after selecting the criteria, the customer/sales item statistics are displayed.