This is the description of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions": This page contains some application scenarios for Outlook synchronisation as well as step-by-step instructions to make it as easy as possible to get started with the synchronisation module. Scenarios Step-by-step instructions Back to the general documentation of the Outlook synchronisation module. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Scenarios: In the following, some scenarios, which occur more frequently when dealing with contact data, are presented and how the ClassiX® Outlook synchronisation can provide great support in each case. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Import: Import here means the task to import a larger contact data stock from Outlook to ClassiX®, whereby the contacts are created in ClassiX® for the first time. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Export: Export refers here to the task of exporting large amounts of contact data from ClassiX® to Outlook, whereby no contacts are available in Outlook yet. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Field service: This scenario assumes the following circumstances: A sales representative is on the road with his notebook on which Outlook and ClassiX® are installed. During his field work, however, he only uses Outlook, as he cannot access the ClassiX® database in the head office. During his visits, the employee now continuously collects new contact data of potential customers or he updates the data of existing customers. All this is done in Outlook. Once a week the employee visits the company headquarters and connects his notebook to the network. Now he has access to the ClassiX® database and wants to transfer the updated or new data into the ClassiX® system. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Step-by-step instructions: Here some step-by-step instructions are presented, which explain in detail how to use the ClassiX® Outlook synchronisation for frequently occurring processes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Connect: Connecting contacts is an operation that must be carried out when a contact is transferred from Outlook to ClassiX® for the first time. If a corresponding contact already exists in ClassiX®, the synchronisation module must be informed. Furthermore, not only contacts per se, but also the individual contact information must be linked to the corresponding Outlook fields. This is also the case when a contact is transferred from ClassiX® to Outlook for the first time and newly created in Outlook. Here the first mentioned case is shown, the connection of the fields in the second case is done analogously. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Synchronize: The actual synchronization process is probably the most important part of Outlook synchronization. Here it is explained in detail how to start it, what problems can occur and what prerequisites must be created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Step 1: The following requirements must be met if synchronisation is to begin:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "olsyncmore" with the name "Outlook Synchronisation - Scenarios and Instructions" regarding Step 2: To start the synchronisation, simply click on the corresponding button in the toolbar.