This is the description of the module "packload" with the name "Package list": This module can be used both as a loading list and as a forwarding order.The loading list serves as a specification of a delivery note with regard to the packaging of the goods. If the goods of a delivery note are divided into several packages, containers, etc., the loading list can be used to determine which package contains which goods. At the same time, the package as such is specified in the loading list item, for example by weight, size, tracking ID. The loading list can either be printed directly. However, it is also possible to print it via the delivery note. In this case, the loading list number in which the item is packed is printed behind each delivery note item. The overview of all loading list items is then printed in the delivery note footer. The forwarding order is the order given to the forwarder. It informs him which parcels (forwarding order items) he should bring where (pick-up point) and where (delivery note address). Further information can be given using the text blocks. This is the description of the functionality of the module "packload" with the name "Package list" regarding - from the delivery note: To do this, switch to the Positions tab in the editing screen of the delivery note and select the positions for the loading list there. Using the corresponding button in the toolbar ("Create loading list with selected items"), a new loading list with one item is automatically created. This first item now refers to the selected delivery note items via the predecessor-successor relationship. To create the next positions in the loading list, switch back to the delivery note screen WITHOUT closing the loading list. By selecting the next positions and pressing the button "Extend loading list by selected position" the opened loading list is extended. This process is repeated until all delivery note items in the loading list are swapped. This is the description of the functionality of the module "packload" with the name "Package list" regarding - in the loading list: Items can be created in the loading list. These can be assigned as predecessors to delivery note or order items. to a loading list. It is also possible to pack an item in several loading list items. To do this, you have the option of specifying which quantity is contained in each of the different items via the item of the loading list. The items can also be arranged hierarchically. If you select a position and press "Insert", you can select whether the position is to be created below the loading list or below the selected position. in this way, several boxes can be packed on a pallet and these in turn in a container. In the tree view, positions can also be moved among each other. If order items are selected as predecessors, the items in the loading list are found directly when the delivery note is created and assigned to the delivery note. If a delivery note item created in this way is deleted again, the order is entered again as the predecessor. Input window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "packload" with the name "Package list" regarding List window: Used to list the loading lists.