This is the description of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data": Setting up the master data Partner master data - companies, persons and contacts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Preparation: Before the daily work in the ClassiX® application can begin, all master data must first be created. As all these data are related to each other in the program, as in real life, it is recommended to plan the creation of master data carefully and to proceed methodically during the input. First of all, gather all your data together, bring it up to date and organise it clearly. It is advisable to prepare the data in Excel, for example, as they can then be automatically transferred to the ClassiX® application. Any other structured file format can of course be used in the same way. Since almost every software application allows the output of your data into such structured files, you can also transfer the data directly from another system into ClassiX®. Please keep in mind that the new start always offers a good opportunity to revise your master data and its maintenance. Think carefully about which data you want to transfer from where and on which level and make sure that you can provide the data in a well structured way. It is equally important that you determine how master data once created should be maintained in the future so that it is always up-to-date. For example, where in your company should new customers, vendors, cost objects, etc. be created and who can and may continue to maintain them? Will data also come from other programs in the future, so that an interface is needed to guarantee the integrity of the data and avoid double data maintenance? If you have prepared yourself methodically in this way, you will see that the start with ClassiX® is hardly easier and faster. If you are already using other ClassiX® modules, everything will be even easier, because the data already created there will not have to be created again. Likewise, master data created in ClassiX®-Office or in ClassiX®-Financial Accounting are immediately available in ClassiX®-Office or ClassiX®-Financial Accounting in case of later extensions by additional ClassiX® modules. As the data is created in stages, some of the relationships have to be maintained. For example, you can only link the tax accounts to the client data after you have created both the client and the chart of accounts. Of course, all master data can also be created manually and maintained as described in the following section of this chapter. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Clients/company: When you log in for the first time in a completely new ClassiX® application, you have to confirm the login window empty, because no users have been created yet. Next you have to create the client master data, because all further data should be saved client-dependent. In the client master data, it is important to define the fields 'Number' and 'DB layer' uniquely in order to functionally guarantee multi-client capability. Number' is the client number used in the system and 'DB layer' for the physical differentiation of clients at the database level. The currency must also be entered. Address data and telephone, etc. should also be entered because the program can then refer to these correctly if necessary. Finish each field entry with the 'Tab' key and do not forget to save your entries with 'OK'. The client window contains several pages/tabs between which you can scroll by clicking on the title of the page. By clicking on 'Accounting' - or by using the key combination 'Alt'-'R' - you get to the third page where you enter which cost accounting functions you use in your company. When you have completed all the fields, you can enter further company-related data, such as bank details on the 'Additional data' tab of the new window by clicking the 'Company' button. You will notice that overlapping information does not have to be re-entered, because in ClassiX® all data is logically linked. Later, this menu item allows you to switch between several clients created in the system. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding User - System User: This is where the users are created who should and may use your ClassiX® applications. The login name (user ID) and password must be entered. Furthermore, the personnel number and also a time limit for the validity of the login can be added. In the lower part of the window you can also define restricted access rights. If you have just created your login here when creating a new system, please log in to the system again. Since a real person should be assigned to the login if possible, it is recommended to first create the personal data in the ClassiX® partner administration. You can also do this later. In general, however, you should keep in mind that 'user' is only the role of one person, and one person may have several roles. If you first create the person and then assign one or more roles to this person, you can avoid double entries and you will always have your data well structured. However, system users do not have to be created as persons at the same time! This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Financial year and periods: After the fiscal year has been created, the periods must be generated. If these correspond to the calendar months, they can be generated automatically, otherwise please create the sub-periods individually. You must also set the status of the period to be posted to in the sub-periods to 'started'. By double-clicking on one of the created periods you can edit it. Similar to the creation of the posting periods, you can also create the working calendars. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Basic data - tax rates: For the tax rates, enter the link to the corresponding tax accounts and also enter the link to your tax office after it has been created in partner management. You can also enter the tax office data immediately and then switch back to this window, as all objects created in ClassiX® are immediately available for general use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Basic data - Business conditions: Create condition with 'New': Confirm with 'OK', then via menu or right mouse button: Edit' - 'Cash discount rate' - 'Insert', e.g. 'Fixed due date Due date: 10 days - Tab - Percent: 0 A description of how to use it in the documents can be entered below:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Document management in ClassiX®: In general, your business documents are composed of several elements (document modules): Header first page (e.g. company logo, business address), salutation, footer first page, etc. They then compile a specific document from the predefined modules. You can enter the individual modules directly as text in the 'Document Module' window, but you can also create them in your standard word processing software, such as Microsoft Word. The modules can also be modular. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Partner master data - companies, persons and contacts: All contacts in the ClassiX® applications see themselves as partners. ClassiX® only knows companies and persons as central information units about partners. These are assigned e.g. addresses, bank details, private data etc., information that is independent of the type of business relationship. Both companies and persons can have one or more roles, which define the business relations. For example, a person can be both employee and user, or a company can be both supplier and manufacturer. The relationships and roles can be entered as they actually are. Companies with branches and contact persons, persons with business and private addresses, etc. All data is entered redundancy-free and the relationships are clearly displayed. As in all lists, by entering the first letter(s), each entry can be found using various search fields. It is also easy to branch to related data, edit them or add or create new data. A letter or e-mail can also be created directly from here. Furthermore, the list can also be printed or loaded into the clipboard and is then available for further processing in other programs. Please note that the number of entries displayed in the company and person lists is limited in the standard setting in order to display these lists faster. If you do not find entries, this may be due to the fact that you cannot find them. If necessary, enter the first letter(s) in the search mask or increase the number of items displayed via the menu item 'Options'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Rolls: Roles are of special importance in ClassiX® applications, because they represent the relationships between your partners. Roles enable, for example, creditors who are simultaneously debtors or employees who are also system users, without double entry of data in the system. Companies and people with whom you do business are first and foremost all 'partners'. Only then are they assigned the respective roles (interested party, customer, supplier, bank, employee, etc.). If, for example, you need to create a new customer master record, you should therefore first check whether you have already created it as a company, possibly with the role 'prospect'. You can then assign a new role 'customer' to the corresponding company master data and your data will remain well structured and free of redundancies. Using the example of the roles, the advantages of the object-oriented structure of the ClassiX® applications become particularly clear. The relationships with and between all your business partners and their roles can only be depicted so realistically in the system by the consistent object-oriented concept. Thus, your master data maintenance is considerably simplified. If you create a new partner, a corresponding person or company entry is created at the same time as the first assigned role is created (the only exception is the entry as system user). That means, if a contact person is created, then this person is also entered as a person master record in ClassiX® and if a customer is created, then the corresponding company entry is made automatically. If this customer already exists, for example as a 'prospective customer', then duplicates will occur - and the relationship between the data will be lost. In this example, it is recommended to look up the company directory beforehand and, if necessary, mark the company data record there and then assign the additional property 'Customer' via the role icon. Then the window for entering the customer master data opens. You can also create the customer from here, for example, as a branch of an already registered company by clicking on the corresponding icon, then entering the company data and then setting up the role 'Customer'. If you have vendors with customer accounts, you can of course also add this additional role from the vendor master. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Example of roles - Assigning the role 'customer' to a company: If a company is already created in the partner administration, for example as a supplier, and now also becomes a customer, then you can simply add a new role to the existing entry. Select the entry in the list of companies and click on the role icon. Next click on 'Create', select the additional role of the partner and add it to the existing entry with 'Select'. The input mask for the customer data opens automatically (in this example). Most of the data is already taken from the supplier entry. You can now add or change the customer-specific data in this mask. If the customer number is not assigned automatically via the counter, you should assign and enter it. Then close the mask with 'OK' to save your entries! Now two roles are assigned to the company entry. If you do not see them immediately, close the mask once and open it again to display the list updated. You can edit the customer or supplier data by double-clicking on the respective role. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Organise roles: The occurrence of duplicates cannot always be avoided. Especially if the company entries in the partner administration are maintained by different departments and/or employees. Even if you have transferred supplier and customer lists from another system when setting up ClassiX®, redundancies will probably have been carried along. However, you can organise these redundancies at any time later and thus eliminate them. In the classic case, there are creditors with debit balances, in other words suppliers who are also managed as customers. However, it is also conceivable that banks or even the tax office are also customers of your company. You can easily resolve duplicate entries and organise them correctly. First decide which existing entry you want to assign the additional role to and mark it in the company list. Banks and tax offices are a special feature here: If you want to assign an additional role to them, you must select the entry that is not already assigned the role 'bank' or 'tax office'. Next click on the role icon. Now you have opened the role window for the supplier entry in the example shown. Mark the role 'Supplier' and click on the icon 'Change partner'. Now arrange the two windows in such a way that you can click on the customer entry and drag and drop it into the role window. The role 'supplier', which was previously assigned to the entry with '.GmbH' in the example, is now added to the entry with '.company'. Confirm this action with 'OK' and close the role window again. The company entry '.company' now has both roles, customer and supplier, assigned as properties. The entry '.GmbH' has no role assigned and can be deleted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Employees: In this window you can create and manage your employees. The information necessary for the company can usually be entered in the fields directly or via the menu item 'Edit'. Telephone, fax, e-mail, etc. can also be maintained by clicking the right mouse button in the field 'Business Communication'. The employees created here can also be found in the system as persons. If you want to add private data, it is advisable to do this via the list of persons. Do not forget to link the employee to the corresponding system user if necessary. For the employee, you define the validity using the entry and leaving dates. Please remember, however, that the validity of the user entry is independent of this! This must be the case, for example, because you may want to block an employee's system access before he or she leaves the company or you may want to continue to grant system access after he or she has left the company. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Data entry example - Company: The input mask for entering a new company address is called up via the Company module (command Insert Company under Edit). The various company-specific communication data (address, telephone, fax, e-mail, Internet), bank details, contact persons, branch offices, etc. are entered here. Any number of communication data, bank details, contact persons, branches and search terms can be assigned to a company. It is also possible to assign one or more industries to a company (command Industries under Edit). This branch assignment is a first example of the use of structures for the meaningful organisation of your data for the later creation of overviews and evaluations. Furthermore, notes and processes for a company can be created here. Via the company list, the recorded company is assigned, for example, the business role of prospective customer and, as such, the possible role of end customer. Using these role assignments, companies can be selected for certain mailing campaigns, for example. Contact persons can then be entered from the company mask. These are then automatically created as person objects. The role of a person, as in this example the contact person of a company, is displayed with the contact person button in the menu bar of the list of persons. The contact person button can be used to determine the company affiliation of a person. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Suppliers - Creditors: Creditors are called up via the menu item 'Partner'-'Suppliers' or the supplier icon. To create a new business partner, click on 'New' in the opened list. The supplier window opens, in which you can now enter the relevant data. To edit an existing business partner, double click on the corresponding entry in the supplier list. The fields in the editing windows are confirmed with the 'Tab' key. At the end all new entries are saved by clicking on 'OK'. However, before creating a new vendor, you should first check whether a company entry for this business partner may already exist in the partner administration. If this is the case, you only need to add the role 'Vendor' to the existing data record. The number range is determined internally and can be easily set up and managed via the counter. However, the number ranges of customers and vendors must not be identical and must not overlap. Enter master data: Very important: Now confirm this master data with the 'OK' button! Otherwise they will not be processed. Then continue on the page ADDITIONAL DATA: Otherwise, add the points as required by the company. Additional information can be entered either directly into the fields on the different tabs, via the menu item 'Edit' or in the list fields also via the right mouse button and 'Paste': When your details are complete, click 'New' to proceed to the next creditor. Click 'Close' to close the supplier system. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Customers - Debtors: Customers are called up via the customer icon and created and maintained in the same way as vendors. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Banks: Here you create your bank details. On the 'Accounts' tab, you enter your account details with these banks and create the link to the cash accounts: If you want to use the automatic payment system, then you must of course enter all data completely. This is the description of the functionality of the module "partnerpflege" with the name "Master data" regarding Tax office: Enter your tax office data here. There is nothing special to note.