This is the description of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book": With this module, creditor payments to suppliers, employees, commission recipients or customers are selected from financial accounting and instructed to make payment. First, either by an automatic run or a manual selection , a payment proposal list is built up whose open items can be post-processed in the dialogue. For individual or several open items, the payment to be made can be edited, i.e. the discount amount as well as the payment amount (also as a partial amount) can be specified. The open items marked in the payment proposal list are then released for bank clearing (supported formats SEPA, DTAUS, MT101, DTAZV) or cheque printing, whereby the posting of the payment and the clearing takes place automatically in the financial accounting. The open items can be selected in several consecutive steps in order to pay by different payment methods (see also Conditional selection). Possible cash discount income is automatically determined and posted against the cash discount accounts defined in the tax keys. In the case of incoming invoices for fixed assets, any cash discount income is posted against the fixed asset account posted with the incoming invoice. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book" regarding Automatic selection of payment proposals: You can create a payment proposal list using the selection criteria available here. Payments to employees, for example for travel expense accounts, or to commission recipients or customers can also be made from here. You can also open the window for selecting individual open items via the menu or toolbar. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book" regarding Payment proposal list: You can add other surgeries to the list at any time: Selected payment proposals can be individually post-edited by double-clicking. This and the storage of fixed or partial payment amounts can also be accessed via the context menu (right mouse button in the payment proposal list). After the payment proposal list has been completely processed, the payments are posted via the menu item 'Payment', under the respective payment type, with 'Book'. You must select the payment proposals - which you want to release for posting/payment (see the menu item Select). In this way, you can choose different payment types or bank accounts for the payment proposals selected. The payment proposals then processed are then automatically removed from the list. If you want to process all payments via one bank or payment type, you can of course also select all payment proposals at once. Please remember that an interim account should also be set up for the selected bank. If the bank data medium is to be created at the same time, the path must be specified in the 'File' field. Please make sure that you have access rights to the path you have entered. By clicking on the button 'Post' the processing of the payment run is started and completed with the printing of the data carrier accompanying sheet at the bank clearing. Cheque printing is done in the same way as bank clearing. To ensure that the forms are correctly clamped in the printer, a test print can first be made there. The paid OPs are automatically cleared only after the bank data medium has been successfully created or after the cheques have been printed. Until then, the invoices remain in the open item account with their assigned payments. A possible cause for errors can be a missing bank connection in the person master data. If this is the case, enter the details accordingly and then repeat the bank clearing or cheque printing process. Bank clearing and cheque printing can be called up as often as required. The payment selection for employees, commission recipients or customers is done in the same way. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book" regarding Conditional selection: This window is accessed from the payment proposal list and is used to automatically select the open items displayed in the payment proposal list according to various criteria. This may be necessary, for example, if you want to pay via Bank Clearing firstly only domestic or European suppliers (in data exchange format SEPA or DTAUS) and secondly only foreign suppliers (in data exchange format MT101 or DTAZV). This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book" regarding Selecting individual open items: Particularly in the case of manually posted incoming invoices, it can make sense to manually call up individual incoming invoices to be paid. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymprop" with the name "Payments - Financial accounting book" regarding Edit payment: If the payment amount is to be specified manually for individual or several open items, these specifications can be made here.