This is the description of the functionality of the module "payments" with the name "Payments" regarding Financial accounting: You can create your payment proposal list using the selection criteria available here. You can enter individual or several criteria. Your payments to employees, for example for travel expense accounts, can also be made from here. You can also use the selection fields to include vendors with customer accounts in the list, initiate a new list structure and include or exclude invoices with an entered payment block. The payment proposal list is then displayed for further processing with the 'Lists' button. In the payment proposal list, you can mark the entries manually, by mouse click, or via the menu item 'Select' - 'Conditional selection'. With 'Conditional selection' you can select the amount and with 'Select all' you can select all entries. With the menu item 'Delete selection' you can revise the selection made. You can then use the menu item Edit to remove the ORs you have selected from the payment proposal list. You can also remove blocked ORs if you have not yet done so in the preselection or if you have reprocessed ORs from the list. You can also add other operations to the list. You can either do that: via 'drag and drop' from the individual surgery lists, the journal or the surgery administration, or: via the menu item 'Other payment proposals'. If you want to add further payment proposals to the existing ones via the selection window again, please make sure that you do not leave the 'New structure' field in the selection window ticked, otherwise you would generate the list from scratch. Selected payment proposals can also be individually post-processed by double-clicking. The 'Fixed payment dates' click box allows you to set the due dates independently of the other dates. An internal comment can also be added to the open item in the 'Text' field. You can still lock or unlock the surgery using the 'Number lock' field. If you need more detailed information on individual ORs or even need to rework them, you can select the OR in question and then use the icons to go directly to the corresponding supplier or employee, vendor or employee account, OR management or journal entry. Of course, details such as a payment block in the OR can be changed directly there and are then immediately effective. If required, the total of the payment proposals can be displayed on the screen or the entire payment proposal list can be printed. This applies both to the selected entries and to all entries in the payment proposal list. After the payment proposal list has been completely processed, the payments are posted via the menu item 'Payment', under the respective payment type, with 'Book'. You will have to mark the payment proposals again for posting. In this way, you can choose different payment types for the payment proposals selected. The payment proposals then processed are then automatically removed from the list. If all payments are to be made via one bank or payment method, you can of course also select all payment proposals at once. Remember that an interim account must also be created for the selected bank. If the bank disk is to be created at the same time, the path must be specified in the 'File' field. If this path refers directly to the floppy disk drive, then the floppy disk must also be inserted. The processing of the payment run is then started by clicking on the 'Update' button and is completed with the printing of the accompanying slip in the case of diskette clearing. The remittance slip printing and cheque printing are carried out in the same way as diskette clearing. To ensure that the forms are correctly clamped in the printer, a test print can first be made there. The paid OPs are automatically cleared only after a successful disk clearing or after printing the remittance slip or cheques. Until then, the invoices and the offset payments remain in the open items. A possible cause for errors can be a missing bank connection in the supplier master data. If this is the case, enter them accordingly and then repeat the diskette clearing or the bank transfer or cheque printing. The diskette clearing as well as the printing of transfers or cheques can be repeated as often as required. This is also possible via the menu item 'Activities'-'Financial accounting'-'Payments' of the main menu. To do this, enter the document number of the payment run to be repeated and the corresponding period. In the repeat run, you have the option of subsequently excluding payments by selection. However, since the payments are already booked at that time, this should only be done in exceptional cases. You will therefore need special access rights to this function and must subsequently remember to update the excluded payments in your accounts accordingly. The payment selection for employees is done in the same way. Here the restriction via a cost centre is also available for selection.