This is the description of the module "paymt101" with the name "Payments (creditor) in international data exchange format MT101": With this module, the open items selected from a payment proposal list are released for payment by creating a financial accounting payment document and (optionally) immediately afterwards the bank data medium is created in the international data exchange format MT101. The creation of the bank data medium in the international data exchange format MT101 can also be called up/repeated separately for a payment run (payment document from financial accounting). MT101 orders can only be executed for those banks for which the BIC (e.g. COBADEFF506) and the sender BIC (e.g. COBADEFFXXX) have been entered in the master data. The amount in foreign currency is always taken first as the respective payment amount; if this is not defined as a payment amount, the payment amount posted to the financial accounting in local currency is transmitted to the bank. No currency conversion takes place. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymt101" with the name "Payments (creditor) in international data exchange format MT101" regarding Post/create payments Bank data medium in MT101 format: From this window, the open items selected in the payment proposal list are released for payment by bank data medium. This is the description of the functionality of the module "paymt101" with the name "Payments (creditor) in international data exchange format MT101" regarding Create bank data medium in MT101 format: From this window, a bank data medium can be created for a payment document in financial accounting. To do this, enter the document number of the payment run (to be repeated) and the corresponding period. In the repeat run, you have the option of subsequently excluding payments by selection. Since the payments are already posted at this point, this should only be done in exceptional cases. You therefore require special access rights to this function and must then remember to maintain the excluded payments for accounting purposes. In the MT101 file format, a maximum of 4 lines of 35 characters each can be output per individual payment to indicate the purpose of the payment (= open item). If the own number is stored with the supplier, it is output in the first proof of use with "KD nnnn", then all paid documents are output with "NR nnnnn EURxxxxxxx,xx" (nnnnn = invoice or credit note number, EUR the currency of the payment amount, xxx,xx the paid amount (discount is deducted)). If more than 4 open items are paid per payee, these will be divided into correspondingly cleared 1.00EUR payments: if, for example, the amount is 2.000,-€ for a total of 6 open items, the payee will receive a payment/payment statement with 1.999,-€ and 4 open items, as well as a payment/payment statement with 1,00€ and 2 open items.