This is the description of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction": Part master data Parts lists Features Calculation formulas Release order items Time sheets Advance requirements. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding part trunk: The ClassiX速 system distinguishes between a part and the possible roles of a part. A part itself contains the descriptive data, which can be named independently of its use. A part could for example be completely described by "carpet". Depending on its use, one receives further data entities or roles: If the "carpet" is sold, sales-specific data such as sales price is maintained in the role sales article . Further roles would be order item (with data such as main supplier, last purchase price), production part (with data such as bill of material, routing, lot size), etc. In ClassiX速 any role can be assigned to a part. Furthermore, a distinction is made between ClassiX速 single parts, lower parts and variant parts: The advantage of processing with variant parts is that previously non-existent versions of a part do not always have to lead to data acquisition. If, for example, a customer wants a "carpet" with the colour pink and a "carpet" of this colour has never been processed before, this "carpet" can be ordered as a variant part with the new pink colour directly from the supplier without entering a new order article. The characteristics list of a variant part consists of various characteristics or attributes. In our example above these were the attributes colour and size. The size attribute can also be a formula attribute, i.e. it is calculated from the attributes"length times width". In this case, the attributes length and width must be specified in the lower part. The variant part "carpet" can of course be specified more precisely by means of further features. For example, the type of material (such as wool, plastic, etc.), pile thickness (in mm), pattern, etc. One could even go so far as to define all the carpets in the world as the lower part of just one variant. To do this, however, the number of characteristics would have to be increased to a point where each carpet is sufficiently distinguishable from the others. To what extent parts with different variant parts are described - or whether variant parts are used at all - depends very much on the individual case. A DIY store may have only a few (or even only one) "carpet" variants, whereas a carpet manufacturer will prefer a more structured structure of his "carpet" variants. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding 2. parts lists: Parts lists describe the composition of a production part. A bill of material consists of parts, which in turn can have a bill of material. Each bill of material item describes which parts are required in which quantity for the production of the manufacturing part. There are two types of item: The basic heading contains a parts master record which is required in the specified (constant or calculated) quantity. A conditional BOM item is a conditional list of individual items. When exploding the BOM, the first item whose condition is fulfilled is used. If a subpart is inserted in a parts list, its characteristics are not automatically transferred, as these parts lists do not represent master data. During further processing of the parts list in orders or similar, the master data of the individual parts "shine through" and can then be changed later. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. For further information on purely disposable assemblies and constructive assemblies as well as instructions for creating purely disposable intermediate stages in a variant parts list, please refer to the assembly parts list documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding characteristics: Attributes are of central importance in ClassiX速 because they make it possible to describe an object (material object, person object or similar) in all its characteristics without having to make changes to the source code. [[more] Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding calculation formulas: A formula is any arithmetic expression with operators, constants, variables and function calls. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding 5. release order items: With this module, sales order items are technically processed and released. A technical processing depends on the logistic identification of the part on the order item: If it is a production part, the order-specific production parts list can/should be generated for this part, if it is an order part, the requirement request can/should be made. For detailed information on use, please refer to the module documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_construction" with the name "Construction" regarding time sheets: This module is used to create and maintain time sheets. Time sheets are particularly common in service industries, where it is necessary to record services for billing purposes with customers. Accordingly, the data to be entered is designed with regard to project-related billing or for the purpose of post-calculation. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use.