This is the description of the module "processes_engineering" with the name "Engineering": Engineering Preliminary planning. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_engineering" with the name "Engineering" regarding engineering: Engineering is the division responsible for the transition between sales and production. Sales (commercial) makes offers and then converts them into orders. On the commercial side, the visible content is set and configured, e.g. various characteristics about location, voltage, etc., but also the structure to be presented, which is often already specified in some way by the offer. The technical sales department, i.e. the engineering department, is responsible for the correct structure of the exploded parts lists according to the specifications of the commercial side and for the correct and sufficient transfer of these data to the production department. Engineering is actually everything that needs to be done between the sales and technical release of a sales order item: The last subtleties of the characteristics and their various expressions are checked and possibly corrected, so that any master bill of material is correctly exploded or a variant part is correctly exploded to a subpart or at least sufficiently and correctly expressed. Of course, this also applies to purchased parts, where variant parts may have to be correctly defined. However, the engineering department may also have to make changes in parts lists that have already been exploded, again of course according to the specifications of the commercial side, and then possibly coordinate these with the production department, since changes and parts lists may of course also require changes in work plans. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_engineering" with the name "Engineering" regarding preliminary planning: Pre-planning is one of the most important parts of the engineering work, as it not only allows the delivery date of an order item to be met in part, but also, under certain circumstances, drastically reduces delivery times. At the moment, planning is only represented in the system by preliminary requirements: Advance requirements should be created in cases where this either means that the respective availability date for e.g. a product can only be met at all or can be accelerated considerably. If, for example, a customer has ordered a product A (variant part) and wants to purchase it, but has not yet decided on the size or design (specific and concrete characteristic value), then it is still possible that the exploding bills of material of the different variants contain 30% of the lower item, for example. In this case, it would be possible to have these lower items produced in advance or to purchase them. In the final disposition of the product, the pre-planned parts would then be offset. However, it must not only be the case that you want to shorten the delivery time by pre-planning, but that you want to keep to it at all. For various reasons, it may not yet be possible to technically release the order item, but it is known that within the parts list, some parts that are certainly known have a particularly long WBZ. For these parts you could create an advance requirement and you have to wait with the disposition or order of the already known parts until after the technical release. This point is also the common feature of the mentioned examples of advance requirements or advance planning. The final technical approval has not yet been given, but you would still like to start, either for reasons of time or capacity.