This is the description of the module "processes_dispatch" with the name "Business processes - Shipping": The shipping process describes the route of the produced/bought/removed goods or the necessary steps from provision to collection by the carrier. Step Description Comment 1. The goods are prepared for dispatch from the staging list. (Order status: "Not delivered") 2.a The auxiliary tool for shipping is the "Pick List - Shipping". It is used to monitor/control the order items to be delivered, to provide stock reserved goods and to create delivery notes. 2.b From the staging list, a delivery note can be automatically generated for the goods just staged can be generated. Alternatively the delivery note can also be generated from the withdrawal of goods. (Order status: "Not delivered", status delivery note: "Created") The coordinator therefore determines in advance which goods he will pack. (Do not pack first and then look at what belongs together) 3.a If the goods are "complex" the coordinator will prepare a package list. This can be done automatically via the toolbar buttons "Package list" and "Package list and "Expand the package list". happen. The selected delivery note items are combined as one package item. (If a delivery note is distributed over three packages, the 1x must be marked with the button "package list") and 2x the button "extend package list by selecting the corresponding items beforehand) (Order status "Not delivered", status delivery note: "Created", status package list: "Unbooked") Booking the package list marks the end of this process. If all delivery note items are in a booked package list, the delivery note is considered "packed". (Disposition status: "Ready for dispatch", delivery note status: "Packed", package list status: "Booked") This can be done automatically from the delivery note. 3.b Delivery notes can also be manually set to the state "packed". Therefore it is not absolutely necessary to create a package list. (Order status: "Ready for dispatch", Delivery note status: "Packed") 4. Packed order items are considered ready for dispatch 5. By booking the delivery note, the life cycle of the delivery note is considered to be completed. (Status delivery note: "Booked") The condition is called "booked" and not "delivered" because the goods have not yet left the company at this point in time, but are in such a state that they could be collected/sent. --- By booking unpacked delivery notes, the delivery note is directly put into the final state. 6. By sending goods via the delivery note, the order item also receives its final status. (Order status: "Delivered") Related topics Delivery note Package list Picking list - Shipping.