This is the description of the module "processes_qm_mat" with the name "Materials Management": In order to be able to guarantee a functional and efficient materials management, it must be possible to check its data on the one hand and inspection runs and other services must be available on the other. The following list of links is intended to provide an overview of the functionality available for this purpose:Parts master Stock statistics Provision (provision status) Materials management (module description) Parts master area: Test area / test name Brief description Parts Parts registration This checks whether all variant parts, starting from the REP of variant parts (CX_ITEM_PATTERN), are also registered in the REP of parts (CX_ITEM). If this is not the case, the corresponding variant part is automatically registered in the REP of parts and also displayed in the parts master list. No provision type Parts are searched for which no provision type has been specified in the warehouse account.Attention! If you open the warehouse account for the parts found, the staging type "MRP" is already displayed even if no entry is available. If the Save button is pressed, this staging type is also entered in the warehouse account. Possible staging types are: Disposition, warehouse management, manual warehouse, JIT, remaining quantity and customer provision. No logistics indicator Parts are searched for that do not have a logistics indicator. For the displayed parts, it must be set whether they are purchased or production parts by default. Invalid main storage bin Parts are searched for that have an invalid main storage bin entered in the warehouse account. Stock account Main storage location Here it is checked for all parts with a storage account whether the main storage bin account possibly set there is also present in the normal sub-list of the total assigned storage bin accounts. If this is not the case, the corresponding part is displayed in the parts master list. Storage bins Not yet supported in the current version! Negative stock Parts are searched for that have a negative stock. Storage bins without inventory since date (with and without validity). Storage bins are searched for which no inventory has been taken since the date entered. Invalid storage bins with stock (positive or negative) Storage bins are searched for that are invalid but still have stock, regardless of whether this is positive or negative. Dispo account Balance differences Compile: A search is made for balance differences in all MRP accounts. To do this, all data listed in the MRP account are retrieved, sorted by document type, their quantities totalled separately and compared with the total quantities in the MRP account. If quantities differ here, this is called a balance difference. These parts are displayed in the parts master list in this run.Correct: If these parts have already been determined, i.e. displayed in the parts master list, the MRP account can be recalculated via this menu item for each part displayed in the parts master list, i.e. the total quantities, and written into the MRP account - i.e. corrected. Cancelled or stopped entries A check is made in all MRP accounts via the parts master to see whether entries exist there that have either been cancelled or stopped, but are nevertheless still posted in the MRP account. This check is currently only made for sub-items of sales orders, requisitions and purchase orders. The parts of the MRP accounts found are displayed in the parts master list. No open quantity A check is made via the parts master in all MRP accounts to see whether there are entries there that no longer have an open quantity, but are nevertheless still posted in the MRP account. The parts with incorrect MRP accounts are displayed in the parts master list. Deleted entries Compile: A check is made via the parts master in all MRP accounts to see whether there are entries there that are actually deleted but are still posted in the MRP account. The parts with incorrect MRP accounts are displayed in the parts master list.Remove: If these parts have already been determined, i.e. displayed in the parts master list, this menu item can be used to correct the MRP account for each part displayed in the parts master list, i.e. to remove the deleted entries. Units Conversion tables: Here it is checked for all parts whether a possibly existing unit table is consistent. If not, the corresponding part is displayed in the parts master list.Posted quantities: Here it is checked for all parts whether the units of measure of the entries in both the stock and the MRP account are compatible with each other, related to the respective unit table of the respective part. If this is not the case, then the corresponding part is displayed in the parts master list. Completed production order- Sub-items A search is made for production orders whose level 0 production order item has been provided and has therefore disappeared from the MRP account, but which have sub-items that have not yet been provided and are therefore still registered in the MRP account. They incorrectly increase the quantity in production on the MRP account. A result window opens showing the corresponding level > 0 production order items. Double-click to access the production order. Parts different in order and order All orders are searched for that have a different part than specified in their predecessor, either sales order or parts request. The constellation examined here is only allowed if the order type is not set to "no specification" (see here for more information). Inconsistent document history Not yet supported in the current version! It is checked via the sub-master in all MRP accounts whether the successor of an entry in a certain MRP account is also posted in the same MRP account, if at all. A successor without an entry in an MRP account is not considered faulty in this run. This situation can occur, for example, if a successor document has already been created but not yet posted. Partial roll Production part without/with multiple production rolls Production parts defined by warehouse account are searched for, i.e. via the logistics KZ, which have no production part role or several production roles. Purchased part without/with several order article roles Purchased parts defined per warehouse account are searched for, i.e. via the logistics KZ, which do not have a purchase order article role or several purchase order article roles. No main supplier All purchase order items without a main supplier are displayed. No standard price All parts are searched whether their order item or production part roles have a standard price stored. If this is not the case, the corresponding parts are displayed in the parts master list. Price table does not match standard quantity All order item roles are checked to see whether a price table has been created there and no price can be determined in this table with the standard quantity. (Example: Price table entry 1. quantity>=100 pieces & quantity < 200 pieces = 10€/1piece 2. quantity>=200 pieces = 8€/1piece and the standard order quantity is 10 pieces). Only accessible via monitor: CheckReceivedQuantities Checks the quantity received.quantity on the warehouse account against all goods receipt quantities not yet staged or put away. Warehouse statistics area: Test area / test name Brief description Transactions without price Stock movements without price are searched for and listed in the results window Negative closing stocks Due to staggered entry of goods receipts and goods withdrawals, it may occur that negative closing stocks occur at the end of the month. These parts with negative closing stocks occurring at the selected time are listed in the results window. Final value with zero stock A storage location has a quantity of 0 (is empty) but a stock value has nevertheless resulted from the flowing average prices and values. These are automatically corrected during the month-end closing, but can only be called up for information purposes before the month-end closing is carried out. Withdrawals from zero stocks Similar to the negative ending stocks, it can happen that a goods removal is posted before the goods putaway. This stock removal now takes a certain quantity from the empty storage bin. As the goods removals are valued at the current average price and perhaps no goods placement has ever taken place, it is likely that this goods removal will be valued at €0, which will have the wrong effect on the recalculation of an order or the stock valuation at the month-end closing. Provision area (provision status): Test area / test name Brief description Order items Delivery status You can check whether all stock reservations for partially or fully delivered order items have been provided by setting the corresponding option and then displaying all items by selecting the "Stock reservation" and "Order items" status. Disposition status You can check whether all stock reservations have been made available for order items that have already been made available by setting the corresponding option and then displaying all items by selecting the "Stock reservation" and "Order items" status. When checking, you must note that the two settings mentioned here are checked together, i.e. that items are only displayed if, for example, both the delivery status is "completely delivered" and the MRP status is "provided", which is actually impossible! For this reason, the best setting for checking is: Delivery status = Partially + fully delivered AND disposition status = AllTest area / test name Brief description Production documents Production status You can check whether all stock reservations have been provided for completed or provided production documents - i.e. production order items - by setting the corresponding option and then displaying all items by selecting the status "Stock reservation" and "Production documents". Requirements trigger You can set whether a particular check for production documents refers to either only sales orders as requirement triggers, stock orders, preliminary requirements or a combination of these. The default setting is that all three are enabled, but you could, for example, make an evaluation only for production documents with a warehouse order as a requirement trigger. Parts requirement item You can set whether you want a specific check for production documents to refer only to production documents (exploded BOM items) that have a 1:1 relationship between just the production document (exploded BOM item) and the parts requirement item (i.e. are not "combined") and/or whether you want production documents with subsequent parts requirement items that have been "combined" from several triggered BOM items, for example. The best setting to check here would be both completed and provided and either all three requirement triggers activated or just the one to be checked.Test area / test name Brief description General Deployment method You can currently set here that only stock reservations are displayed for parts that are currently set to stock management as the staging type!