This is the description of the module "processes_officeXML" with the name "XML interface for MS Office": Since Dll version 4.5.2.158982 ClassiX offers the possibility to read and edit Excel worksheets and Word documents directly via the .xlsx or .docx file. The COM server does not have to be started for this and the documents can be edited without starting Word or Excel in the background. The range of functions of the XML interface does not correspond by far to that of the COM interface. Only the most frequently used features have been implemented. If it is determined that an important COM functionality cannot be implemented with XML, it will possibly be added in a later ClassiX version. If it turns out that the XML interface has the required functionality, consideration should be given to using it instead of COM. The main advantage of the XML interface is the fast processing. However, the XML interface has some technical limitations that may preclude its use. Supported functionality Use of the XML interface Restrictions. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_officeXML" with the name "XML interface for MS Office" regarding Word: Since many documents in the database are only available as COM objects, there is a special tool object which offers the conversion from COM to XML. Like the COM objects, the CX_WORD_XML objects can be created persistently and saved in the database. For performance reasons, not every change to the document is directly transferred to the database, but is initially only recorded in the "transient area" of the object. To record the changes in the database there is the call SaveXMLString. The interface offers the following functionality. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_officeXML" with the name "XML interface for MS Office" regarding Excel: Since Excel documents are usually not kept in the database, there is no way to create a corresponding XML object from a COM object. For performance and storage reasons, there are two operating modes for Excel that support different functionality. Each newly opened Excel document is opened in a very high-performance read-only mode, which allows to process .xlsx files of any size. However, this mode does not support write operations, and the first time an operation is performed on the object, the object is automatically converted and set to write mode. This still provides fast read access to the data, but is limited in the size of the Excel files.