This is the description of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision": Parts Services Provisioning procedure Provision types Control of the procurement types Technical documentation of the provision Related topics Deployment status Provision from goods receipt Provisionfrom production Kanban. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Parts: All parts refined in a company's value-added process were either purchased or produced/made by the company itself. This is stored in ClassiX® by allocation to the so-called logistics indicator (K = purchased part, F = manufactured part) for each part. In addition, it must be defined how parts are provided/made available in/for the internal process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Provision types: .for this purpose the type of provision is specified. By default, the following staging types are defined in ClassiX®: For further documentation and testing purposes, the following table shows the process classification of (material) parts of different logistics and procurement types: (PRI = Product Item, PUI = Purchase Item; D = Disposed, S = Stock, M = Manual, R = Rest, J = JIT, C = Customer). This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Services: Services are also provided either by our own employees or by subcontractors. In this respect, the logistical marking is the same as for (material) parts (K = purchased service, F = service performed by the company itself). The types of provision are, however, reduced by all types of warehousing: For further documentation and testing purposes, the following table shows the process classification of services of different logistics and procurement types: (PRS = Product Service, PUS = Purchase Service; D = Disposed, J = JIT, C = Customer). This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Provisioning procedure: The different types of procurement also result in different provisioning procedures, which will be listed here schematically:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Disposition types and control of further processing of order items: An order item can be provided by 3 different disposition types: The current program status specifies that the further processing of a (warehouse) order item is controlled by the procurement type set in the part (logistics indicator and staging type). When released by the technical department, the next step is initiated (parts list exploded or requirement request made). There are basically two approaches to controlling further processing: However, if a part is now manufactured at low production capacity and purchased when bottlenecks occur, it is necessary to be able to control this further processing explicitly. In order to be able to convert a level 0 part before releasing the technology, it is only necessary to select the "target procurement type" via the menu Edit->Continue processing->Order/stock reservation/production order. The follow-on documents can then use the status of the order item to identify how this part is to be procured. No further tax code is required on the order item. Further processing:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_proctype" with the name "Provision" regarding Technical documentation of the provision: Since within follow-on documents, preceding documents can be combined (one part request for several order items.), there must be a clear assignment between provided quantities and transaction document. This is achieved by means of the double wrapped connection. Example: For a production order item a total quantity of 24 pieces of a part is to be withdrawn. The production order item has been created from a parts request that has two different parts list items as predecessors (2 different order items). Both order items require 12 pieces. For final assembly, which takes place at the customer's site, only the goods for one order item are to be picked. In the staging list, only the parts list item of the order item to be picked can be selected and a goods withdrawal document can be created for it. The quantity of the goods withdrawal then refers to the parts request item, but due to the double wiring between goods withdrawal and bill of material document, the quantity can be assigned to exactly this one bill of material item. Technically, this is realised as shown in the diagram here:.