This is the description of the module "processes_phonemail" with the name "Phone and email": In ClassiX®, telephone numbers are represented by an object of the type CX_PHONE. The recording and display of a telephone number are controlled by the settings in the location-specific data. This leads to the fact that the user sees or can only enter telephone numbers of other employees in his company as extension numbers (e.g. -23), can see or record telephone numbers of other companies with the same area code (e.g. 680 3421) without the area code can see or record telephone numbers of other companies with a different area code without the country code (e.g. 040 209401 55), must only record telephone numbers of another country completely, i.e. including country and area codes (e.g. +44 67 476747). Despite the "shortened" entry and display of a telephone number, a telephone number is always completely stored internally in the system, i.e. with country and area code. No matter from where in the world you log on to a ClassiX® system, you always see and record the telephone numbers in the way that corresponds to the location-specific data. Accordingly, a dial-up connection can always be established automatically from the system with the "correct" telephone number. E-mail addresses have no formatting per sé, i.e. the information in front of the '@' sign is defined free of any specifications or guidelines. Nevertheless, there are frequently occurring patterns in people's e-mail addresses, such as First name.surname@ Last name@, where the full stop can also be an underscore or a minus sign, the names are given in full or even shortened. Many of these patterns are known to the ClassiX® system and are automatically generated and offered for selection when an e-mail address is first entered for a contact person or employee. If an e-mail address has already been entered for an employee for your own company or an e-mail address of a contact person for an external company, the new e-mail address to be entered for another employee or contact person is automatically offered according to this - already entered - template.