This is the description of the module "processes_officefkt" with the name "Office functionality": MS Office integrationMS Outlook Synchronisation The new Outlook synchronisation offers seamless integration of ClassiX® contact management in Outlook. Contact data can be automatically synchronised and brought up to the same level if desired.MS Word Integration Document modules, text modules and text conditions ClassiX® offers comprehensive document management, which is used for the flexible design and management of all correspondence and documents. Print The printing of documents (e.g. transactions, invoices, letters) in ClassiX® is done via MS Word. In this way, any document templates and text modules can be integrated into the documents in the simplest way. In addition, these can then also be filled with dynamic content from ClassiX®.MS Excel import and export ClassiX® offers an export to MS Excel via the clipboard in the correct format as well as an import.MS Project comparison Project planning in ClassiX® can also be done via MS Project, and it is also possible to synchronise current projects with MS Project.CommunicationSerial letters and mass mailings Creation of serial letters and mass mailings in ClassiX®.Creating emails in InstantView® Integration of external applications for sending emails or faxes.Telecommunications list and teleagent The telecommunication list is an ideal tool for displaying extensive telecommunication data for an object, e.g. the extension numbers of all employees of a company. The teleagent offers the reverse search of telephone numbers, i.e. it finds the corresponding person or company for a number.TAPI interface The TAPI interface offers direct control of TAPI-capable terminals (e.g. corresponding telephones or ISDN cards) from ClassiX®. Thus, a seamless integration of the communication processes in ClassiX® is possible.DMS document management systemOverview DMS List of documents Documents (PDF, CAD drawings, etc.) can be linked to master objects via document directories, regardless of whether the documents are located in a server directory or in the database.Documents as QS report Through variant document directories, attributes and the OLE interface, documents can also serve as QA reports.Procurement documents Procurement documents can be automatically provided to the supplier during the ordering process.Transaction processingUse processes Information on the useful use of transaction documents.Activity document With transaction documents, all business communication can be recorded and provided with additional notes and information. All external documents included in the communication, such as letters written in MS Word, can also be saved.Activity folder Transaction folders offer an excellent way of clearly sorting and archiving all transactions.Workflow supportDigital floating file Digital circulation folders are used for workflow-supported processing of documents and processes.ReportingReports/Reports Reports are compilations of operational information, usually in the form of lists.FavoritesPersonal favourites Personal favourites enable quick access to frequently used data, such as telephone numbers, addresses or personal and company data.