This is the description of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting": Master data of financial accounting 1.1 G/L accounts 1.2 Cost categories 1.3 Cost centres 1.4 Cost units Business processes in the ClassiX® financial accounting 2.1 Booking 2.2 Split booking 2.3 Unbooked receipts 2.4 Journal of the booking session 2.5 Clearing open items 2.6 Suspension of payment 2.7 Recurring bookings and cancellations 2.8 Account books 2.9 Automatic Payments 2.10 Reminders 2.11 Retained earnings postings Evaluations 3.1 Lists - booking journal, open items, etc. 3.2 Structures - balance sheet and P&L framework, VAT, etc. 3.3 Financial accounting - account evaluations 3.4 Journal 3.5 Summary and balance lists 3.6 OP lists 3.7 Account sheets 3.8 Operational accounting - cost evaluation 3.9 Advance return for turnover tax 3.10 Totals lists. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 1. master data of financial accounting: If you are already using the ClassiX®-Office application, then you have already entered a large part of your master data before starting to set up financial accounting. For setting up and maintaining the data of your business partners, employees, tax rates, currency tables and other business data, please refer to the ClassiX®-Office documentation. Your ClassiX® system data, such as clients, system users, access rights, etc., are also described and explained there in detail. Here, in the financial accounting documentation, you will find a description of the accounting and cost accounting related program parts and functions. In terms of master data, this includes the setup of accounts, cost elements, cost centres and cost objects. On the other hand, the setup of customers, vendors, banks and tax office can be found in the ClassiX®-Office documentation. Debitors and creditors may be accounts from an accounting point of view, but basically they are roles of the companies or persons entered in the partner administration of ClassiX®-Office. So you can assign the role customer to a company in the partner administration and provide this role with the necessary additional information, like customer number and terms of payment. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding G/L accounts: This module is used for the administration of G/L accounts. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Cost categories: Cost elements are assigned to a superordinate account in financial accounting (P&L G/L account) and serve to make accounting evaluations clearer and not to inflate the accounts unnecessarily. Cost elements belong in the structure of the profit and loss account. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Cost centres: This module is used to maintain cost centres. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 1.4 Cost units: The project or cost unit was created so that assets with all their processes can always be tracked exactly. Here you can see which plant with which plant group is attached to which order etc. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2. business processes in the ClassiX® financial accounting: Before you start your daily work after logging in, please make sure that you are in the correct business year: Display at the bottom left of the main window. The session date is displayed in the bottom right of the main window. Especially if you have just started a new business year, it is advisable to pay special attention to this. You may have to change the financial year or, in exceptional cases, the session date. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Booking: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Split booking: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.3 Unbooked receipts: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.4 Journal of the booking session: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.5 Clearing open items: For example, when you post an incoming payment, the open item window opens automatically after you enter the customer account in order to select the open item(s) to be cleared. The open items can also be summarised here or, if necessary, combined manually. As a rule, however, the grouping, for example with down payments, is already done automatically. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Suspension of payment: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.7 Recurring bookings and cancellations: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.8 Account books: The cash book is used to enter expenditure/receipts into the financial accounting, which are not recorded in ClassiX® via a document, such as outgoing invoices or incoming invoices. When booking via the cash book, there will never be an open item, as all incoming and outgoing payments are made directly. Examples of bookings that are made via the cash book are the payment of expenses or the purchase of operating resources, which are paid in cash from the cash register. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 2.9 Automatic Payments: You can create your payment proposal list using the selection criteria available here. You can enter individual or several criteria. Your payments to employees, for example for travel expense accounts, can also be made from here. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Reminders: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Retained earnings postings: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding evaluations: Overviews and evaluations are an indispensable tool for every financial accounting department to stay in control, to support controlling and to provide management with the necessary information for decision-making. You will find that with the ClassiX® financial accounting you will have to print out and list much less frequently than in other accounting programs, because all data are linked in such a way that you can go back to the origin of the information directly on the screen with a mouse click. Nevertheless, you will certainly need a reporting system with overviews, totals, etc., such as for a balance sheet or total liabilities via OP lists. With ClassiX® financial accounting you therefore have an extremely powerful reporting system at your disposal. Overviews and evaluations can be created and, if necessary, printed using a variety of lists and the ClassiX® software's own structure tool. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.1 Lists - booking journal, open items, etc: Lists are usually fixed lists of similar elements, such as all movements on an account, all open items or all account balances. These can then be limited by selection criteria (accounts from - to, period, only suppliers, etc.). Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Structures - balance sheet and P&L framework, VAT, etc: Structures are the most powerful instrument ClassiX® provides for your evaluations, and this is where the advantages of the object-oriented structure come into their own. You can compile and structure practically any list of objects - for example your accounts, as well as cost types and cost centres in your database - according to your requirements. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.3 Financial accounting - account evaluations: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Journal: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.5 Summary and balance lists: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.6 OP lists: Here you can list the open items for customers, vendors and employees and, if necessary, branch off for processing. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.7 Account sheets: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding 3.8 Operational accounting - cost evaluations: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Advance return for turnover tax: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_financialaccounting" with the name "Financial Accounting" regarding Totals lists: Menu item 'Analyses' - 'Operating accounting' - 'Totals lists The following further operating evaluations can be created: -> Cost elements -> Cost centers (if created) -> Cost evaluation (see P&L) -> Cost unit evaluation (if created).