This is the description of the module "processes_capsched" with the name "Capacity planning and scheduling": General capacity planning Capacity planning in parts requirements Capacity planning of employee resources Related topics Capacity utilisation Capacity planning Operations calendar. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_capsched" with the name "Capacity planning and scheduling" regarding General capacity planning: Planning the capacity for a resource is always done in 3 steps (please refer to the links to the different sections for more details on each topic): Step 1: Set the available capacity of the resource Step 2: Planning of requirements Step 3: Overview of the planned capacity:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_capsched" with the name "Capacity planning and scheduling" regarding Capacity planning in parts requirements: ClassiX® offers two options for scheduling: Capacity check CTP Usual procedure with desired detailed planning: In brief, the process is as follows: Usual procedure with sufficient rough planning Capacity test CTP Functionality The capacity is defined on the basis of given available hours within a calendar week of a work centre or resource. Each routing item that requires this work center and/or resource adds its expected capacity requirements to the workload of the work center/resource. If the booked requirement plus the requirement to be checked is greater than the planned capacity, there is a bottleneck and the capacity check returns a message about insufficient capacity. Work sequences can extend over several calendar weeks. A work sequence can be spread over several calendar weeks if it has a throughput time of 2 days and starts on a Friday. The total target time is then divided by the number of days and then multiplied by the number of days required in the current calendar week. This results in the proportionally required capacity, in this example the first week has exactly 50% of the target time, the second week also 50%. Via the editing mask of the exploded work plans, the exact booking can be displayed via context menu (Show bookings) - a new window opens with the list of booked resources with proportional capacity in the respective calendar week and a coloured box indicating whether sufficient capacity is available. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_capsched" with the name "Capacity planning and scheduling" regarding Capacity planning of employee resources: Setting the basic capacity of an employee: The planning of staff resources is just as important in mechanical engineering companies (planning of engineers, electricians etc.) as it is in service companies (fitters etc.). Each employee is allocated a daily available working time (capacity) depending on the working time model assigned to him/her. The first step is to assign the working time model to the employee via the employee mask. For this purpose, a let-time number must be assigned on the mask. Then the employee is assigned to his working groups. Then the basic capacity in a period (year) must be saved for him via the mask "capacity planning". In capacity planning it is possible to determine the capacity from the working time model assigned to this employee. If the employee has been assigned the basic capacity, the already planned absences (holidays, training course etc.) or other events that do not count as absence (emergency service) can be entered via the employee mask. Scheduling of tasks There are two approaches to scheduling tasks, which make sense depending on the work area. For example, service companies that plan their staff based on spontaneous calls from customers are more likely to use the process described below as path 1, while equipment manufacturers who want to schedule their engineers for large projects are more likely to use the process described below as path 3. Path 1 - Service provider group - Service intervention: This way is the faster and easier of the two. Here the employee to be scheduled is entered with the duration and the date directly on a service assignment itemor service provider group and this is booked directly into capacity planning. Otherwise the order can be empty, it only contains the service deployment item at the time of the order confirmation. When the fitter has performed the work, the order items, such as the kilometres travelled, the material consumed, etc., are added below the service provider group for cost determination and revenue accounting. Path 2 - Work orders below order items: The second way is to create the complete order structure and to see from it how much time an engineer will probably need. The time of the individual work areas is included in the order as a service on normal order items. If the capacity is now to be planned, i.e. order processing is to begin in the foreseeable future, work orders are created for these order items, on which the employee to be scheduled is then entered with the duration and date (also period). Flexitime days Flexitime absences can be entered via the employee mask. These are then displayed in the overview with a blue symbol with a white square. This should then mean that the employee is free (blue means no capacity due to holidays, illness or other absence), but can be contacted in case of bottlenecks. For this reason, there is a different symbol for the "flexitime" absence than for all other full-day absences where the reason cannot be identified. Emergency services The emergency service is also determined by an employee's absence. The overview then checks whether the employee has an emergency service on the first Monday shown and displays this in red under the employee name in the list. The emergency services are always valid per week in the usual cases.