This is the description of the module "processes_domain" with the name "Domains": The client is the top level of the (DV-technical) organisation of company data in ClassiX®. A client is a self-contained legal entity (e.g. a GmbH or an AG). This level is defined within the client definition by specifying a "layer", it determines the storage location of the data, usually the database belonging to a client. Normally, different clients are assigned to different (database) levels and thus data is technically completely separated from each other. However, with ClassiX® it is still possible to store individual data entities (classes) together and thus manage them together. It often makes sense to use e.g. the company and person master data or other master data together across different clients. However, since clients must be separated for accounting purposes, different domains can be set up for similar information(domain declarations). Even if, for example, the "customer object" is the same object for different clients, their "account assignment" per client is managed completely separately in different domains. In general, incoming and outgoing invoices, current and stock accounts, financial accounting and cost accounts, etc. are thus separated. Such a constellation can be found in medium-sized and large companies which jointly manage various independent domestic and foreign companies within a group of companies and where a large number of intercompany processes are encountered. Company codes can be set up for a subdivision within a single client, i.e. within a single domain. As an example, an independent plant or a branch of a company can be mentioned, which, for example, is to receive its own self-contained materials management. The subdivision into clients and/or domains and/or company codes determines whether data is stored jointly or separately and thus also determines the possibility of accessing this data. It therefore represents a systemic organisation of company data. Terms such as operating concerns, profit centres, business areas, controlling areas represent an application-oriented organisation of company data and are applied in ClassiX® by means of the definition of classification keys, cost centres, cost objects, etc.