This is the description of the module "ProfilingCluster" with the name "Profiling - Cluster analysis": Example of an XML export Notes The log of a profiling run can be clustered using a tool. For this purpose Profiling.bat has to be started (in //iv/main/Inst/Profiling). Prerequisite is an installed Java 1.4. The tool asks for the file name with the profiling log and then starts the analysis. At the end the run is confirmed with a message. The result is stored in an HTML file, which can be further processed with Excel, for example. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ProfilingCluster" with the name "Profiling - Cluster analysis" regarding Example of an XML export: All macros that were called during profiling are listed here. The number before the name indicates the level: 1 means that the macro (here) was called directly from the ListView; 2 means that the macro was called by another macro. In the example above ItemQuantity is listed with Level 1 and Level 3, i.e. the macro is called up at two places. In addition, all database activities are summarised under 'database'. The column 'Number' shows how many times the macro has been called up in total. Total' shows the total time in milliseconds that the macro has used. Average' finally is the result of the division 'total time' / 'number'. Notes The time measured for a macro is always including the time for the database and the called macros. For example, if a macro A takes 5ms and calls a macro B which takes 2ms, then the 2ms of B are already in the 5ms of A! So it would be wrong to simply add up all times in the statistics. database' is therefore only suitable for comparative purposes to see how much time is consumed by the database. The above example is taken from an XML export. For the evaluation only the macros of the first level were considered. In there are already included the times of the other macros and the efforts for the database. The times of the individual macros have now been set in relation to the total time. The macros that took a particularly long time were optimised.