This is the description of the module "purchaseInvoiceBook" with the name "Invoice receipt book": The invoice receipt book is used to list incoming invoices and/or incoming credit notes. It also enables posting to financial accounting. The selection is essentially made by selecting the statuses that an incoming invoice and/or incoming credit note can pass through within its business process. The "Released" status is preset, i.e. the incoming invoices/credit notes that are about to be transferred to financial accounting are listed.The documents are listed sorted by pagination number. If the client's incoming invoices and credit notes are divided into individual domains, then those from the registered domain are displayed first, but you can switch to other domains or display the invoices or credit notes from all domains. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceBook" with the name "Invoice receipt book" regarding Invoice receipt book: Serves to list and possibly post incoming invoices and/or credit notes in the financial accounting. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceBook" with the name "Invoice receipt book" regarding Manual account assignment: Before the transfer to financial accounting, the automatic account assignment of an incoming invoice/credit note can be subsequently changed/edited. The upper list shows the values of the purchase invoice. The account assignment group consists of two parts. All items are displayed in the left half. If an item is selected here, it is offered for editing in the other half. In addition, you can restore the original account assignment via the 'Edit' menu and jump to the incoming invoice. The total of the item values and the difference to the gross value are displayed under the account assignment list. You cannot leave the window as long as a difference occurs. An incoming invoice account assignment can only be processed if the ER is released. If it is then changed manually, the status of the ER cannot be reset unless the option "Restore account assignment" is selected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceBook" with the name "Invoice receipt book" regarding Manual account assignment for EU income tax: In the case of EU income tax keys, the offsetting entry is made automatically in the manual account assignment. The tax value to be offset must be entered as a value in the processing group of the posting item. However, the real tax value - i.e. €0.00 in each case - is displayed in the list of posting items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceBook" with the name "Invoice receipt book" regarding Search window: The search window offers more advanced selection options for the purchase invoices than the selection group in the invoice receipt book.