This is the description of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services": All information relevant to the purchase of services is stored in the external service. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Input window: In the input window, all data on external services are maintained. To select an external service directly, enter the desired number in the Number field and confirm with RETURN. To search for external services in the list window, select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Service data: On the 'Service' card, first enter a number and a commodity code. Via 'Cost elements' the cost element plan of the financial accounting opens, from which you can now assign a cost account, e.g. "Raw material", to the external service with a double click. Then enter the order text that is to be output later in a purchase order. Via 'Purchasing area', the list of available purchasing areas opens, from which you can select the appropriate area with a double click. Entering a purchasing area is indispensable, as the purchase requisitions are assigned to the respective purchasing clerk on the basis of this area. In the field 'Procurement data', in the lower part of the mask, you can enter all purchasing-specific data, such as price and quantity. (Documentation of the price maintenance) The price can be maintained in 2 different ways: The "New" button next to the price creates a new price with corresponding validity and serves as a shortcut for the more complicated way via the menu as described above. The entire price development can be viewed via the menu item Edit->Price->Price history. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Suppliers: On the 'Supplier' card, you can now use 'Insert' to select the suppliers who provide the external service. The search mask of the supplier master opens, from which you can select the relevant supplier with a double click. Immediately afterwards, the window 'Procurement data from .' opens in which you can now enter the order number, the price and the order quantities of the supplier. Click 'OK' to save your data and the supplier agreement is generated. See also the documentation Supplier Agreement. Once a supply agreement has been entered, it is displayed in the external service in the Suppliers tab. Description of the columns in the list: The first column only indicates whether it is the A supplier, the so-called main supplier. This is followed by the supplier name with its supplier number and order number belonging to the external service. Price: This is the price negotiated in a supply agreement with this supplier, which has become or will become valid from the date below. Only in the case of real supplier agreements is this price displayed in green, in the case of movements that have been made via a supplier with whom no supplier agreement has been made, this priceis displayed in grey. The price is also greyed out if the supplier does not have its own price on its supplier agreement (price type: no value). In this case, the currently valid price is taken from the order item master record. Last price: Here the last price of the ordered article with date at this supplier is indicated. Display mode The display mode at the bottom of the window is a filter for whether to display only supplier agreements or all transaction data in the list. Movement data is saved for each supplier who has supplied this part once. Via the order mask, this movement can be converted into a supplier agreement at the touch of a button. Movements in the list are displayed completely in grey/black and are therefore immediately distinguishable from delivery agreements! This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Documents: List of document references. The global document references are displayed with the box symbol and the global ones with the globe. In addition, global document references can also be inserted as a conditional table. Of the documents, the description of the document reference is displayed next to the Type. This can be either the short title in the operating language or the description text. The type and file name are also displayed. For procurement documents the control can be set by double click whether this document should be delivered with the order process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding List window: Used to list the external services. In this mask, all existing external services are displayed. You can search for individual entries by number, description or purchasing area or sort the complete list. With a double click on the desired entry the mask 'External service from .' opens in which you can now revise all data entered there. With 'OK' you can save your changes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a purchasing service. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseService" with the name "External services" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.