This is the description of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request": The purchasing department is prompted by the requisitions to trigger orders. Every employee in the company can create requirement coverage requests. A distinction is made between four types:Own consumptionInvestmentOrder requirementsStorage needsProject needsPersonal use (consumables or capital goods) must be approved by a supervisor. Order and warehouse requirements are automatically approved if the "Approval" checkbox is not selected.Attention! Goods ordered for a cost centre via "own requirements" are NOT put into storage after the goods receipt has been made available! It can also NOT be subsequently linked to an order!The quantity of goods provided by the incoming goods department does not increase the stock, but is intended for goods consumed by the corresponding cost centre (office supplies such as pens, printer paper, swivel chairs)! Thus the procurement process of the goods is finished after the provision of the goods receipt!In order to have a requisition approved by a superior or to forward it directly to the purchasing department, it must be posted. The posting cannot take place automatically, as otherwise the approver/purchaser would receive the requirement coverage request before it has been checked by the processor.It is also important to note that requirement coverage requests of the type internal requirements can only be posted if a cost centre has been specified there for which the internal requirements are requested. A requirement coverage request of the type customer requirement must have a predecessor, that is, a cost object, in order to describe it completely.Another special feature must be taken into account in any case: quantities ordered for own use, i.e. for a specific cost centre, are not displayed on the warehouse account in the total "In Goods Receipt" or "In QA" after a goods receipt, as this ordered quantity is not intended for general "dispositive" consumption but only for the specified cost centre! This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request" regarding Input window: This window is used for maintaining requirement coverage requests. You can select a requisition by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". After you have selected the processor and the approver, if not specified, the system assigns a requirement request number by confirming with 'OK' and the ' Requirement request item' window opens, in which you can now individually insert your items to be ordered by the purchasing department. When you have entered all positions, close the position window. You return to the 'Requirement request' window, in which all items are listed. By clicking on 'Book', the status of the requirement request is set to "Requirement request to be approved" and placed in the approver's activity folder. New requisitions must be posted to trigger an operation. If you close the window without posting, the error message "ATTENTION: requirement request has not yet been posted" appears. Once a requisition has been posted, it can no longer be changed (error message: "requisition has already been posted"). Deletion of the requirement coverage request items is only permitted if the requirement coverage request has not yet been approved and if no follow-on documents (purchase orders, purchase requisitions, .) have been generated, since the requester must first coordinate with the relevant employees (e.g. orders may have to be cancelled). This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request" regarding Authorisation procedure Requirement request: A description of the approval procedure can be found in the purchasing transaction process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request" regarding Own supplies: If a requirement coverage request is to be used to plan an internal provision at level 0 of a sales order, an internal provision document must be created for this requirement coverage request item. This is possible via the requirement coverage request item directly via the toolbar button possible. The part, delivery date, quantity and description are transferred. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request" regarding List window: Used to list the requirement requests. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisition" with the name "Requirement request" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a requirement request.