This is the description of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure": The approval process is defined via a business process of the document and the approval process. In the main process, the approval process is generated when it is needed. This makes it easy to insert the approval procedure with each document.In the standard database, the approval procedure is already defined for purchasing. We will use this example to describe how to set up the approval procedure.Adapt the business process for the document Determine approver Define purchasing areas Enter requirement request process requisitions to be approved order approved requirement coverage request. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure" regarding Define approver: The approvers are determined in the approval business process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure" regarding Define purchasing areas: Purchasing areas are defined in the form of a general structure (e.g. Main Menu -> Organisation -> Structures) with the structure ID "PURCHASING_GROUPS". Nodes of the structure represent the individual purchasing areas; a responsible employee is assigned to a node (via drag&drop in the structure) as well as corresponding order items ( also via drag&drop or in the order item mask, field "Purchasing area"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure" regarding Entering requisitions: The purchasing department is prompted by the requisitions to trigger orders. Every employee in the company can create requirement coverage requests. A distinction is made between three types: Own use must be approved by a superior. Customer and warehouse requirements are automatically approved if the "Approval" checkbox is not selected. Approvers are listed in the "Approval" field on the requirement request header. In order to have a requisition approved by a superior or to forward it directly to the purchasing department, it must be posted. The posting cannot take place automatically, as otherwise the approver/purchaser would receive the requirement coverage request before it has been checked by the processor. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure" regarding Edit requirement coverage requests to be approved: Requisitions to be approved are distributed to the respective approval folders (see above Define approvers). An approver opens the list "Documents to be approved" by double-clicking on the folder and can view, approve or reject the requisitions there. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PurchaseApproval" with the name "Approval procedure" regarding Order approved requisitions: The approved requisitions are automatically distributed to the responsible purchasing employees (see Define purchasing areas above) (access via e.g. Main menu -> Activities -> Purchasing -> Approved requisitions). The purchasing employee automatically sees the requirements of his purchasing areas to be ordered, but can also access the purchasing folders of the other clerks. The order requirement can be requested from one or more suppliers, the requirement can also be ordered directly.