This is the description of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item": From the MRP viewpoint, a requirement coverage item represents a planned receipt ("requirements coverage"). If requirements are ordered, the requirement request item is replaced by another MRP receipt document: Order item (e.g. in the Approved Requirement Request module). Attention- Transfer of attributes from order item: If a requirement request for an order part with in-house supplies is created either directly from an order or as level 0 in the part request, all order item attributes are transferred to the requirement request. Usually only those attributes are taken over which are available in the attribute bar of the variant part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item" regarding Position types: see order position. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item" regarding Subsequently combine an open requirement request item with an open delivery schedule line: S. Order item. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item" regarding Cancellation: A requisition item can be cancelled (for example, if the item has already been ordered but the order was subsequently cancelled). A cancelled requirement request item is not considered in most modules: it is not posted to the MRP account, the parts to be ordered are considered as not yet requested, etc. In info modules, however, such items are displayed (e.g. document history). This is the description of the functionality of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item" regarding Transfer of data from the requirement request into a purchase order: The prices of the requisition item are not copied into the purchase orders, except that no price could be redetermined, controlled by characteristics from the order/item and the selection of the supplier, or the price is 0. For more detailed pricing in orders see here. The note for the recipient is also included in the order. The note, however, is not. The note for the recipient appears in the field of the same name in the delivery schedule. In the list of delivery schedule lines on the order item, this text is displayed under the heading Remarks. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purqitem" with the name "Requirement request item" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain requirement request items. Via the item 'Edit - Item type' you can select how the price of the item should be calculated. With the point 'Edit -Type' you can decide afterwards which type the position should be displayed. Via the item 'Edit - Select part' you can call up the different search masks via the points specified there. Via 'Purchasing part', for example, the search mask for order items opens, from which you can now select the relevant item by double-clicking. The 'Requirement request item' window adapts to any selection. If you have decided on one of the possibilities, e.g. for a sales order, you can take over items from an order directly via 'Insert'. The 'Order item' window then opens, in which you call up the corresponding order, select the item to be ordered and confirm with 'OK'. The order quantity must be specified in the 'Part' section. Clicking on 'Part' opens the search mask for the parts master, from which you can now select the relevant part by double-clicking. If a provision is necessary for the requirement request, a note is displayed next to the order type: ATTENTION: PROVISION. Next to this hint a button "Beistellungen" appears, which opens the attached provisions. In the field 'Supplier' you can select a supplier from the supplier master. You can then enter the price, the supplier's order number, any discount to be granted, the desired delivery date and any comments on the order under 'Note'. Press 'OK' to save your position and the machine will automatically assign a position number.