This is the description of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise": Merchandise parts are parts in an externally built database composed of price lists from different suppliers. Price lists from suppliers can therefore be read into a separate database. In order to be able to access these parts in one's own database, there is the extra mask "Merchandise", which enables access to the external database here in the master data, as well as when inserting positions in offers/orders.A trading good is a part with a purchasing and sales role. It would also be possible to create a part in the part master and then create the respective roles individually. With the help of this application it is possible to process the part master, the purchasing data and (the first) sales role simultaneously in a fast entry. It is still possible to switch to the respective role at any time to make more detailed changes. Parts created here can also be edited in the parts master. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain a part object. You can select a part object by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". To create a new part, press New. On the 'Merchandise' card, first enter a number and a multilingual text. In the field 'Purchase data' or 'Sales data' , in the lower part of the screen, you can enter all specific data such as price and quantity. (see also price maintenance) If a trading good has several sales roles, these are displayed in a list. Double-click on an object to open the Edit sales item window. On the 'Supplier' tab, you can now select suppliers who supply the part via 'Insert'. The search mask of the supplier master opens, from which you can select or create the corresponding supplier with a double click. The price window (supplier agreements) opens immediately afterwards. Once a supplier agreement has been entered, it is displayed in the Supplier tab. Description of the columns in the list In the first column, the number of the supplier is displayed. This is followed in the third column by the supplier name and the order number belonging to the order item. Price: This is the price negotiated in a supply agreement with this supplier, which has become or will become valid as of the date below. Only in the case of real supply agreements is this price shown in green; in the case of movements that have passed through a supplier with whom no supply agreement has been made, this price is grey. The price is also grey if the supplier does not have its own price on its supplier agreement (price type: no value). In this case, the currently valid price is taken from the order item master record. Last price: The last price of the order item with date at this supplier is indicated here. Display mode The display mode at the bottom of the window is a filter for whether only supplier agreements or all transaction data are to be displayed in the list. Movement data is saved for each supplier who has supplied this part once. more on the subject of supplier agreements Movements in the list are displayed completely in grey/black and are thus immediately distinguishable from supplier agreements! You insert the buyers for the trading goods on the 'Customers' card. Click on 'Insert' to open the search mask of the customer master, from which you can select or create the corresponding customer with a double click. A small window then opens in which you can enter the sales agreement for the customer. In order to be able to vary the price calculation, e.g. if there are sales items on which no discount is to be granted or the sales item cannot be packaged, you can switch off the calculation by removing a tick in front of the respective items. Description of the columns in the list First the customer number and the name are output. This is followed by the number, which is either the same as that of the part or you can determine yourself for each customer. Finally, the agreed price is displayed. Please do not forget to save the data with 'OK'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding List window: Used to list the merchandise. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select the merchandise. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Options window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed via the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Import detail: This window can be used to import supplier price tables from specially prepared Excel files. A technical description of the import and the macros used can be found here. As a special feature, it should be noted that the supplier number from the real system must be loaded into the parts as the attribute "supplierID" in order to be able to uniquely determine and assign the supplier later when creating the requirement request. The supplier must therefore either be determined by a new customer macro in the read-in routine or replaced manually in the read-in file beforehand. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Import price lists: This window can be used to import several price tables from different suppliers in a ClassiX-specific scheme. A technical description of the import and the macros used can be found here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Read-in files: The help on the subject of read-in files provides a precise description of the interface format. This is the description of the functionality of the module "pusaitem" with the name "Merchandise" regarding Column headings in import files: Submission: Copy these two lines as headings into a new Excel file: Please make sure that the column format is always "text" or "number". If the format "currency" is set in a column, it cannot be read in during import. The following message appears: 00-0662: The return type is not yet supported by the current ClassiX version. VT_CY In this case, click on the column heading so that the entire column is highlighted. Then click on the right mouse button and select the entry "Format Columns" from the opened context menu. Now set "Number" and save. Now the file can be imported:.