This is the description of the module "qs-all" with the name "Inspection - Comprehensive processes": Since these processes span several areas, they are listed here: Customer test suite Description TS+SA Stock order stocked production part.xls This test is intended to simulate the complete stock order run. Test columns have not yet been inserted. All required parts will be newly created. Parts lists and work plans are created and the level 0 part is marked as a stock-keeping production part. This part is pulled into a newly created stock order item and completely processed: Expand parts list Create Gozinto Create production order Order parts by ordering until goods receipt Create and post material withdrawals Completion of production orders through completion notification of work sequences Provide stock order through goods receipt from production TS+SA Process chain for dispositive production part Advance requirement level 0.xls This test simulates the link between preliminary requirements item and unresolved order item (preliminary requirements part is the order level 0 part!) All required parts will be newly created. Parts lists and routings are created and the level 0 part is marked as a disposable production part. This part is dragged into a newly created advance requirement item and completely processed. Then the order item is created and technically released, whereby it is immediately linked to the advance requirement item and cannot be further processed itself: Create preliminary requirement item Expand parts list Create Gozinto Create production order Order parts by ordering until goods receipt Create and post material withdrawals Completion of production orders through completion notification of work sequences Create order item TS+SA Process chain for dispositive production part Advance requirement level 1.xls This test simulates an advance requirement for a level >0 part of an order item BOM: The following steps are performed after the master data has been created: Creating advance requirements (part 4) Expand parts list Create Gozinto Post material withdrawal Completion of the production order through completion notification of the work sequences Create order item (part 1) Expand parts list Create Gozinto Now that the Gozinto has been created from the order item, the procurement type should be changed from part 4 to "Advance production order". At this point, processing is terminated and does not continue until the order item is completed. TS+SA Process chain for disposable purchased parts - framework order.xls This test checks whether frame orders are found when a BE is created from a BA. A blanket order is created for a newly created disposable purchased part. A requirement request is then created for this part, from which a purchase order is then to be created. The system recognises that there is an open blanket order for this part and adds the BA quantity to it. Create parts Create blanket order Create requirement coverage request Extend framework order Goods receipt with increased quantity Create quality assurance over half the WE quantity Provision of the AU-Pos (not with TS!) Create goods receipt for remaining quantity released by QS Create return document for quantity not released by QS TS Process chain for disposable purchased parts Additional order.xls This test is intended to check whether the goods receipt quantity remains unaffected for the order type additional order. An order item is created, this is pulled into a BA, an order is created and set to the order type "additional order". This flag means that the order item is not staged after the goods receipt has been staged. Create parts Create order item Create requirement coverage request Create order and mark it as an additional order Post goods receipt Create and book quality assurance TS+SA Process chain dispositives Kaufteil.xls This test simulates a procurement process of a disposable QS purchased part. The goods receipt has a surplus quantity, which is partly put into storage and partly sent back via return document. A requirement request is then created for this part, from which a purchase order is then to be created. The system recognises that there is an open blanket order for this part and adds the BA quantity to it. Create parts Create blanket order Create requirement coverage request Extend framework order Goods receipt with increased quantity Create quality assurance over half the WE quantity Provision of the AU-Pos (not with TS!) Create goods receipt for remaining quantity released by QS Create return document for quantity not released by QS TS Process chain stocked purchased part (NOT) QS AU-Pos additional order.xls This test simulates an order item for which a BA is manually created for its stocked purchased part. Create parts Create order item Create requirement request and manually enter AU Pos Create order and mark it as an additional order Post goods receipt Create quality assurance (only for QS file!) Afterwards the quantity of goods received should be checked on the warehouse account, it should be 0! SA Average price formation test stock-led purchase part comparison data.xls This test will test the new stock statistics including average price calculation at the end of the month and the formation of the moving average price. The current stock quantities in the various warehouses will also be tested. The test creates a new part with an order item roll, enters stock management and purchased part in the warehouse account and marks the part as a QA part. A requirement request is then made, followed by a purchase order, goods receipt, QA and goods receipt to the standard warehouse for the part specified in the warehouse account. Now a transfer of goods to a completely different warehouse is posted (not just another storage bin!). When posting, the system creates another LogCube between the warehouse account and the new warehouse (LogCube between stock/store account). Then a goods withdrawal of the transferred quantity of the new warehouse is posted, so that the stock and value of the warehouse must be 0. Then a new goods receipt (again from the BA complete to the WZ) of 10 pieces with a different price is created to test the average price calculation. The stock is now at 15 pieces in the main warehouse. Now, to test whether the posting really runs correctly, another negative goods receipt with the quantity -5 pieces is posted. The value of this goods receipt must be written in the warehouse account in the quantity and value with the Specifier out, not, as is usually the case with goods receipts, into the values with the Specifier in. The quantity of the bearing should now be 10 pieces. Rough sequence of the steps relevant for the bearing test: (Click leads to the position in the file) 1. goods in stock A 10 pieces 200€/1piece 2. transfer of goods to stock B 5 pieces 3. goods withdrawal stock B 5 pieces -> quantity stock B 0 pieces 4. goods in stock A 10 pieces 100€/1piece 5. goods in stock B -5 pieces with a current average price of 133,33€/1piece (Since quantity is negative, this price is ignored in the average price calculation!) 6th month-end closing with recalculation of all average prices SA SA text article entry in spare parts mode including further processing via BA.xls This test creates a text article position via the fast entry function and releases it for sales and technical purposes. This creates a requirement request, which is checked for the correctness of the data.