This is the description of the module "resoljob" with the name "Resolved (production) work plan": This module is used to process order-specific production work plans. These are the routings which are generated by the system by exploding master routings taking into account the characteristics and their values specified from a production order. The term "exploding" refers to the search for entries from, for example, variant routing items or the calculation of times and/or characteristic values. Normally, ClassiX® assumes that at least a "rough" variant work plan is defined for each part in the system. This avoids having to define and enter a separate master routing for each special case in advance. Within the scope of detailed control and planning, this order-specific production routing is then adapted or designed more precisely in terms of workstations and times. The changes are then only valid for this production order item. Basically, however, one is also able to completely redefine the order-specific production work plan. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resoljob" with the name "Resolved (production) work plan" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select exploded production routings. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resoljob" with the name "Resolved (production) work plan" regarding Booking window: In this window all bookings of the selected sequence of operations are displayed. If the start of a work sequence is on Friday and it has a throughput time of 3 days, the required capacity is divided up daily between the two calendar weeks. Thus the first calendar week receives one third (only Friday) of the planned time, the second calendar week receives 2 thirds (Monday and Tuesday). The booking window now shows the first and second calendar week. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resoljob" with the name "Resolved (production) work plan" regarding Technical documentation of the booking of work sequences: Sequence of operations update Log in In the transaction description, only the dispo account of the resource and workstation is booked. The booking of the weekly logcubes of the dispo accounts is done in the module prooredt by the macro BookJobItem. When posting to the individual weekly logcubes of the dispatching accounts, the exploded work plan position is inserted into the weekly logcube in a wrapped manner (transactions). On this wrapper the capacity requirement exactly for this week is located in the slot reserved.jobTime and in the slot captured.jobTime the capacity requirement already processed exactly in this week. The weekly logcube is also linked again on the wrapper in the slot dataCube and the wrapper is saved in the collection booked.collection on the exploded work plan position. So you can see afterwards on the exploded work plan position exactly in which monitors this document is booked with which quantities. This results in the following picture in the worklist when searching by calendar weeks, not by order items A work sequence that extends over several calendar weeks may then appear several times, each time with its proportionate required capacity. A single document can also be found in the capacity utilisation list with its proportionate required capacity in several calendar weeks. Log out The check-out macro only checks out the quantities of connected LogCubes stored in the Collection booked.collection via wrappers. The logic of the distribution is therefore only in the booking macro, not in the booking out macro. If no booked.collection is available, the old way is used to book out (see macro UnbookJobItem in prooredt). Conversion from old to new booking Writing off the routing items is already downward compatible, i.e. if a changeover to the new posting type of the work sequences (distribution of the required capacity over several calendar weeks) is to be made, the UnbookJobItem macro is already prepared for this, so no reorg is necessary! However, the following changes are necessary if an existing system is to be converted to the new posting type Capacity check The capacity check (CTP), which checks during scheduling whether sufficient capacity is available for a planned work sequence, is now also intelligent enough to check the required capacity over several calendar weeks. If the proportionally required capacity is no longer available in a week, a capacity bottleneck is reported. Further explanation and example A work sequence can be spread over several calendar weeks if it has a throughput time of 2 days and starts on a Friday. The total target time is then divided by the number of days and then multiplied by the number of days required in the current calendar week. This results in the proportionally required capacity, in this example the first week has exactly 50% of the target time, the second week also 50%. In the collection booked.collection of the resolved work sequence, there are at least 2 wrappers, one for the first week and one for the second week. In the standard system, the resource itself, if one has been selected, is also booked, i.e. 2 wrappers are created for this resource as well. The work centre AND the selected resource (machine, work group or supplier) are always booked. The booked.collection then contains 4 wrappers. The collection booked.collection of the resolved work sequence will then contain at least 2 wrappers, one for the first week and one for the second week. In the standard system it is also the case that the resource itself, if one has been selected, is also booked, i.e. 2 wrappers are also created for this resource. The work centre AND the selected resource (machine, work group or supplier) are always booked. The booked.collection then contains 4 wrappers. Via the editing mask of the exploded work plans (resoljob.mod) the exact booking can be displayed via context menu (show bookings) - a new window opens with the list of booked resources with proportional capacity in the respective calendar week.