This is the description of the module "saleset" with the name "Sales set": A sales set is a sales item that consists of a bundle of other sales items. In its simplest form, it is just a designation for a combination of other articles. Although a sales set is a part roll, it is the only part roll that does not need to be related to a part. For example, if the combination of the sales articles - the sales set itself - is stocked, it must be assigned to a part (consisting of the combined parts). For example, a spare parts set would be a sales set consisting of different spare parts. If the spare part sets are pre-packed and stored in the warehouse, then the spare part set has its own part number. The possible packaging (bag, sack, carton) of a sales set can be assigned to the part of the sales set as a parts list, accordingly the compilation of a set can be assigned to the part of the sales set as a routing. A special form of the sales set is the assembly set, whose individual parts are directly processed as a parts list.Conditional individual parts in sets Conditional individual parts can be included in sets. Characteristics can be assigned to these conditional individual parts, which later appear in the offer or order items. If no characteristics were entered for these conditional individual parts, the quotation or order item automatically takes the characteristics of the selected individual part from the parts master.Characteristics of the lower partsWhen sub-parts are added to sets, all characteristics of the selected part are copied from the part master into the characteristics of the new sub-position of the set. These can now be set as desired and are then valid for all quotation/order items created from this set, if the characteristics have not been explicitly defined and thus overwritten.Calculation and quantity calculation for main and sub-items Five types (types) are distinguished as to how sub-items are assembled with the main item (see the field "Type", which is displayed on the first tab "Quotation/Order item" if a main item has been loaded); besides the definition of pricing rules and quantity calculation, the control of the business processes disposition, delivery and invoicing are determined according to the type.Description: (see order item). This is the description of the functionality of the module "saleset" with the name "Sales set" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain the sales sets. You can select a sales set by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. By selecting the menu item 'Search', the list window is opened. In the card ' Articles' you now enter all relevant data for the sales set one after the other. Please do not forget to save the data with 'OK'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "saleset" with the name "Sales set" regarding List window: Used to list the sales sets. This is the description of the functionality of the module "saleset" with the name "Sales set" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a sales set. This is the description of the functionality of the module "saleset" with the name "Sales set" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as the default option for the logged in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu item on the "Preferences" tab in the "User Preferences" list which can be used to save the current options.