This is the description of the module "salexitm" with the name "Special sales section": Special sales parts are special sales rolls that describe a part that is sold to a customer outside the normal product range. These are parts which are normally only sold once. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salexitm" with the name "Special sales section" regarding Input window: This window is used for the maintenance of special sales parts. You can select a special sales section by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". In the card 'Article' you now enter all relevant data for the special sales part one after the other. You can then add various details to the special sales section on the cards additional data and customer prices. In order to be able to vary the price calculation, e.g. if there are special sales items on which no discount is to be granted or the sales item is not suitable for packaging, the calculation can be switched off by removing a check mark in front of the respective items. Please do not forget to save the data with 'OK'. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salexitm" with the name "Special sales section" regarding List window: Serves to list the special sale parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salexitm" with the name "Special sales section" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a special sales section. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salexitm" with the name "Special sales section" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as the default option for the logged in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu item on the "Preferences" tab in the "User Preferences" list which can be used to save the current options.