This is the description of the module "salecedt" with the name "Sub-assembly set": The assembly set is a special form of a sales set, except that it is manufactured together with all its order sub-items in a production order, also known as an order bill of materials - a production bill of materials defined in the order. The resulting bill of materials is thus composed of all order items created in the order below the assembly set. The production bill of materials is practically already defined at order item level. In the parts master, the assembly set part has a production role without a bill of materials, but with a routing that contains the assembly only the assembly work of the individual components. Subassembly sets can also be used as purchased parts with own provision. If such a subassembly set is available in the order, one practically determines at the order level through sub-items which goods are to be provided for the order and in which quantities. With the technical release the disposition of the parts to be provided is initiated and the requirement request for the assembly set part is created. Conditional individual parts in sets Conditional individual parts can be included in sets. Characteristics can be assigned to these conditional individual parts, which later appear in the offer or order items. If no characteristics were entered for these conditional individual parts, the quotation or order item automatically takes the characteristics of the selected individual part from the parts master. If conditional items are present in an assembly set, the assembly set in the order is not exploded automatically, but must be exploded using the "Generate plant components" button after the attributes on the assembly set order item have been set according to customer specifications (e.g. mains voltage etc.), because this may be the basis for the conditional sub-items of the assembly set. Attention: If, after resolving the conditional assembly set items, the attributes on the assembly set item are changed, the resolved subpart of a conditional item does not change automatically! In this case the subitems must all be deleted and the assembly set must be exploded again! Characteristics of the lower parts When sub-parts are added to sets, all characteristics of the selected part are copied from the part master into the characteristics of the new sub-position of the set. These can now be set as desired and are then valid for all quotation/order items created from this set, if the characteristics have not been explicitly defined and thus overwritten. Calculation and quantity calculation for main and sub-items Type 4 (main part plus integrated individual parts) is the default setting and cannot be changed. However, the system distinguishes a total of five types (Types) of how subitems are assembled with the main item (see the "Type" field displayed on the first tab "Offer/Order item" if a main item has been loaded); this defines the pricing rules and quantity calculation. Description: (see order item). This is the description of the functionality of the module "salecedt" with the name "Sub-assembly set" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain the assembly sets. You can select an assembly set by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. By selecting the menu item 'Search' the list window is called up. Via the tab 'Individual parts' the individual parts of the assembly set can be maintained. It is possible to insert individual parts (sales article, spare part, performance unit) directly or to specify the use of the sub parts via a conditional table to control. Individual parts | parts list entry | upper Various input windows are available for maintaining the individual parts of an assembly set: Structure. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salecedt" with the name "Sub-assembly set" regarding List window: This window is for listing assembly sets. This is the description of the functionality of the module "salecedt" with the name "Sub-assembly set" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. Once set, options can be saved as the default option for the logged in user. For this purpose, there is a context menu item on the "Preferences" tab in the "User Preferences" list which can be used to save the current options.