This is the description of the module "search" with the name "General search terms": Why search terms in dictionaries? Assignment of search terms Limiting the search results Search methods Related topics. This is the description of the functionality of the module "search" with the name "General search terms" regarding Why search terms in dictionaries?: Since the company name should be the one that appears on the company's letterhead, it should be possible to find this company using other, simpler names. This is what the search terms were created for. All search terms are collected in a "dictionary". There are different dictionaries for partners, parts etc. These dictionaries can be imagined like a business directory, which assigns names to the corresponding telephone numbers. Also in the business directory a number can be found under several names and branches. If the name of a partner has been inadvertently overwritten as a search term, so that the partner can no longer be found via his name, or no search terms are available for the imported objects after a data import, the search terms can be rebuilt. When creating a new company, the company name is automatically saved as a search term. However, you can now save any number of additional, perhaps simpler search terms for this company. This is the description of the functionality of the module "search" with the name "General search terms" regarding Assignment of search terms: By linking the keywords to the main object by default, it is possible to find an object in several searches. For example, the keywords that are entered in the customer mask are stored directly at the company. This makes it possible that the company can also be found with this keyword in the supplier search afterwards, provided that the company is entered as a supplier. In ClassiX® we say that the company also has the role of supplier. This concatenation can be optionally switched off if only the customer with this keyword is to be found. Search terms are usually created manually by the user. However, in some modules, fixed data fields are also always included in the search terms, for example, the name of the person in the person editing module. If the name of the person is now changed, the new name is also created as the person's search term without the old one being deleted. The person can now be found using the old and the new name. Note: If in the example of the person the name has been changed because of a spelling mistake, the user should make sure that the corresponding search term is deleted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "search" with the name "General search terms" regarding Limiting the search results: To keep the search clear and not take too long, the maximum number of search results displayed is limited to 100 when the window is opened. If the search term is simply left empty and confirmed with Enter, only the first hundred search results will appear. If you really want all search results to be displayed, you must set the desired number in the menu Options->Number of objects or select the item "All objects". Now, if the search term is empty, the system asks whether all records should really be displayed so that you don't have to wait for all search results by mistake. This can take some time depending on the amount of data. This is the description of the functionality of the module "search" with the name "General search terms" regarding Search methods: The search is inaccurate by default. This means that if only the first part of a word is entered, the system will search for data beginning with that part of the word. In addition, the machine allows the user to work with wildcards. If the entered search term starts with an asterisk followed by a word, the system searches all data that has this entered word anywhere in the search term. The question mark stands for exactly one character, which is unknown, in contrast to the asterisk, where it does not matter how many characters follow or precede. The question mark can therefore be placed anywhere in the word. Examples of this: Another way to perform searches is to use regular expressions in the search term fields. To do this, select "Options->Search->Advanced search" from the menu and enter the search conditions. Now all common regular expressions are available for the search. For example, if you are looking for all companies ending with GmbH, enter the following search term: GmbH$ The search terms entered are not case-sensitive.