This is the description of the module "secgroup" with the name "Access group": The access groups are used to manage user rights (see also Access Rights). Due to the better clarity and easier administration, different access regulations (to classes, messages or objects) can be combined and structured in groups. Nesting of groups is also possible. This is the description of the functionality of the module "secgroup" with the name "Access group" regarding Input window: This window is for maintaining access groups. You can select an access group object by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Access rights can be managed in the menu item 'System' - 'Access groups'. You should have good knowledge of the system in order to edit these yourself and must of course have the appropriate rights. This is the description of the functionality of the module "secgroup" with the name "Access group" regarding List window: The list window is used to list the access groups. Via the list or the edit button you can edit the displayed objects, but also create new ones and delete existing ones. Since this list shows not only the access groups but also the inserted message and class objects, you get the best overall view of the access rules. The overview is completed by the display of the users to which the access group is assigned and in which groups the selected group occurs. Both options can be called up via the context menu. This is the description of the functionality of the module "secgroup" with the name "Access group" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an access group. This is the description of the functionality of the module "secgroup" with the name "Access group" regarding Check message and class: This window is used to test or check which rights to execute messages or access certain classes are available for the selected access object. If the system finds an assignment, it displays the input mask for the relevant access right, if not, an error message appears.