This is the description of the module "servinqu" with the name "Service request": With this module service requests/error messages/problems of a customer can be recorded and scheduled. Such service call objects can be created e.g. directly from an industrial plant - this should be the origin of the customer's problem - whereby the customer, the plant and the plant group are automatically taken over. The core functionality of this module is that for each service call the employee who is to take care of the service call can be directly assigned. For this purpose, the employee can be assigned his capacity by first selecting the employee concerned via the employee list and then opening the capacity planning via the menu item "Edit->Set->Capacity planning". The service call also has an automatic planning function: the determination button on the position can determine an employee who can be deployed or a free period of time based on the data entered so far on the position. On the one hand, it is possible to specify a working group (field Provider) and a planning date with duration on the position. The button then determines the first member of the working group who has the specified capacity (duration) at the specified time. If no working group is specified, all employees of the employee master data are searched. On the other hand, the planning date can also be determined if this is emptied and then an employee is selected. The button then determines when the employee has the planned duration of capacity available and enters the date automatically. If no freelancer or free capacity is found, the mask will not be filled in. Step 1: Setting the employee capacity The system now knows how much working time can be planned for this employee. Step 2: Planning of requirements Via the editing mask of the industrial plants, in the tab "Plant groups", a plant group can now be selected and on it the menu item "Create service call" can be chosen. A new document, the service call, is created. The plant group and the customer from the industrial plant are immediately transferred to it. In the new mask, the description of what the service call was about can now be entered, for example the error description that the customer gave over the phone. At this point, neither an offer nor an order has been created. After entering the description, the document is first saved by pressing the "OK" button. As soon as it is now clear that the service call is to be carried out and bindingly scheduled, sub-items can be inserted on which the date (planned date), the planned duration and an employee must be specified. A new project and a new order is created in the background with a plant group and a service provider group. The service provider group is displayed as a sub-item of the service call. The data entered here are immediately booked into the employee requirement and can be found as planned requirements in its capacity planning. Step 3: Overview of the planned capacity: Please see the description of capacity utilisation for the procedure for the evaluation or the description of the worklist. This is the description of the functionality of the module "servinqu" with the name "Service request" regarding Position window: The editing window of the service item is similar to the input window of the work certificate, but not all widgets are displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "servinqu" with the name "Service request" regarding List window: This window is for listing service calls.