This is the description of the module "solutions_gestin-77" with the name "GESTIN - Inventory sampling": Reduce your inventory costs by up to 95%. Guided, efficient and simple.With GESTIN, you no longer have to count your entire warehouse as part of your year-end inventory. GESTIN only searches for a few, few count items for you: If the error of this sample is sufficiently small, your book inventory can be confirmed as inventory stock.The legislator has expressly permitted such a procedure. And of course GESTIN is certified by a renowned, internationally active auditing company. The basic idea of inventory sampling is based on the assumption that the daily stock movements carried out in a warehouse (or only in a specific storage area) are basically not or only slightly incorrect with regard to inventory management, and that the book inventory of a warehouse management system is therefore basically correct.By means of a statistically prepared stock census - with only a few random samples - exactly this assumption is checked.If the deviation of this random sample count from the book inventory is within a framework recommended by auditors and auditing associations, the assumption of a fundamentally correct book inventory can be confirmed (extrapolated) for the entire warehouse examined, thus dispensing with a full inventory of the warehouse.On the one hand, this means that only those warehouses whose book inventory balances are basically correct are eligible for inventory sampling. However, it is quite common to exclude from the statistical sampling those areas of a warehouse whose book inventory is known in advance to be rather inaccurate (e.g. general cut goods such as yard goods, residual material). For such storage areas a full inventory is still necessary.On the other hand, it is also generally assumed that a warehouse management system is fundamentally not error-free, so in the end it is also a question of measuring the quality of a warehouse management system. Here, too, recognised statistical methods are helpful. Inventory ProcessingGESTIN has been specially developed to simplify the implementation of an inventory for existing ERP or merchandise management systems. By means of a powerful interface, data from the leading inventory system can be transferred to the GESTIN software, where it can be further processed for statistical evaluation.GESTIN is an add-on to the comprehensive materials management modules in the AppsWarehouse® from ClassiX®.Import of book inventory data from the leading merchandise management systemSupport of serial number and batch managementInventory analysisInventory procedureStratificationSequential Test Random physical inventoryThe sample of parts and storage locations to be counted, drawn using recognised statistical methods, is issued as a count list. After counting and recording only this random sample, the result is extrapolated in a stratification, checked in a sequential test and - if the error rate is low compared to the book stock - the inventory is concluded as correct. Otherwise, the inventory sampling must be rejected.Recording a countCheck for successful samplingExtrapolation (for stratification)Test for acceptance or rejection (for sequential test)Comparison of the count data with the leading merchandise management systemQuestions and answers (FAQs) on the use of GESTINGeneral featuresIn addition to the special functionality for inventory sampling, GESTIN is characterised by the fact that it was developed on the CyberEnterprise digital platform. This means that a wide range of functionality is included as standard, such as:Multi-client capabilityOperating language German, English (other languages available)Integration of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) Free report definition using BIRT Take a look at our Infothek and get your own impression of the versatility of our system!Technical dataAs part of the CyberEnterprise digital platform, GESTIN is fully integrated into a highly modern technical infrastructure. Whether as a stand-alone single-user installation or in a client-server environment, as a native application or as a browser application:System requirements (GESTIN classic, General)Installation (GESTIN classic, General)AdministrationDocumentsThe following documents are intended to help you get an overview of the methods and implementation of an inventory sampling with GESTIN classic.Product sheet GESTINA first overview on inventory samplingQuestionnaire inventory samplingBasics of inventory samplingInstruction manual inventory samplingRegularity of an inventory samplingBIRT in GESTINProduct page GESTIN - inventory samplingExplanations on the inventory procedureRelease notesGESTIN is continuously being further developed. The latest version is available for download for our maintenance customers. After installation of a new release, the system is automatically adapted when GESTIN is restarted.Latest release Latest Patch Previous patches. This is the description of the functionality of the module "solutions_gestin-77" with the name "GESTIN - Inventory sampling" regarding Latest release: Release number: 6.0.8 Release date: 10.05.2020. This is the description of the functionality of the module "solutions_gestin-77" with the name "GESTIN - Inventory sampling" regarding Latest Patch: Patch number: 229405 Patch date: 23.11.2022 14:39 hrs Innovations/Changes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "solutions_gestin-77" with the name "GESTIN - Inventory sampling" regarding Previous patches: Patch number: 220304 Patch Date: 09.12.2020 14:20 News/Changes Patch number: 218447 Patch Date: 03.11.2020 14:03 News/Changes.