This is the description of the module "statpodc" with the name "BDE hours": With this module, the production hours confirmed for a selected period can be output. By default these are output in the list type "Workstations" (see menu Options) and in total per cost centre (can be switched off via menu Options). A total sum is also displayed. (confirmations with time zero are generally suppressed) At least one financial year must be selected. If no further restriction of the period is made, all confirmations of this fiscal year are added up. If only one period is selected, then only the confirmations of this period are added up. By selecting the "to" period, any period within the fiscal year can be selected. By double-clicking on an entry in the list, the corresponding individual messages can be output (drill down). 1. list type workstations The columns - each as actual and target data - are output for cost centre, production area, work centre and resource. The column"Actual hours" shows the sum of all reported actual times of the actual resource of the selected period. The column"Target hours" shows the sum of all reported target times of the target resource of the selected period. Per PDC document (YYY) the target set-up time is added to the target time of the work sequence. The column"Actual hours(completed)" only shows the actual times of completedwork sequences. The column"Actual hours(completed - not delimited)" shows all actual times of completedwork sequences, the previous evaluation periods are taken into account. The column"Target hours(completed - not delimited)" shows all target times of completedwork sequences, the previous evaluation periods are taken into account. This"Actual hours(finished - not delimited)" value is compared with the column"Target hours(finished - not delimited)", the sum of the target times of completedwork sequences. This results in the percentage deviation which is displayed in the list. The target hours are always assigned to the first reported actual resource in order to obtain a pure comparison of the target/actual times and not an evaluation of changes of the target to actual resources. The column"Target hours(finished - not delimited)" can therefore even be empty, for example, if several confirmations come from different actual resources for a single work sequence. The target hours for the 2nd and all other resources are no longer assigned to them. The percentage deviation between target and actual hours (not delimited) is displayed in the column "Deviation". In the last two columns the valuation of the reported hours is shown with the costs of the respective actual work centre. "Is time confirmation on target quantity" means that a PDA recording is recorded with a confirmed time on a work sequence that was originally created in pieces. This can occur with external work sequences, as the external work sequences do not have target times but target quantities. If an ACTUAL time is now logged off here, this message is issued. 2. list type cost object The confirmed production hours are displayed cumulatively according to cost object, actual cost centre and actual resource. A valuation is carried out according to the cost rates of the actual resource. If the option Subtotal is activated, totals are output per cost object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statpodc" with the name "BDE hours" regarding Option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statpodc" with the name "BDE hours" regarding Production data of the work sequences: By double-clicking on a line in the statistics, all bookings that were used to calculate the line are displayed here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statpodc" with the name "BDE hours" regarding Implementation: 1st index Create index with "Retrieve(datetime.date)" via the REP collection of class CX_PRODUCTION_DATA_CAPTURE. 2nd report "CX_PRODUCTION_DATA_CAPTURE_SUMS" Create structure nodes below the order term "REPORTS".