This is the description of the module "statturn" with the name "Parts consumption": This app is used to display parts consumption. It shows which quantities of one or more parts have been consumed in an adjustable period of time. This app is intended as an aid for logistics. Related to this are the apps Parts Usage (intended for use by technology) and Parts Usage (intended for use by service/sales). If you generally want to evaluate the use or non-use of a part in a certain period, you can do this by means of an inspection run.In addition to the output of the list with the parts with consumption in the selected period, the complementary list with the parts without consumption in this period is always output in parallel. The following movements are referred to as part consumption:Goods receipts that have not been put away (MRP goods receipt)Production order items that have not been put away (dispositive production). Outsourcing The parts are selected by means of the part selection window, which opens after pressing the toolbar button or the "Select parts" button or simply dragged and dropped into the list. With drag&drop, parts rolls are also accepted.By selecting/restricting the staging types of the parts (MRP parts, stock parts, etc.), you can control which parts consumption (goods receipts, MRP production, stock removals) is taken into account in the evaluation. If, for example, only stock parts are selected (staging types: warehouse management, manual stock, remaining quantity, Kanban, own provision of stock), then the planned parts consumption is not included in the evaluation. As a side effect, the list of "parts without consumption" also provides a so-called list of slow-moving items. The total consumption of a part results from the sum of the above movements. The evaluation of the total consumption is done according to the following logic: If an incoming invoice has been issued for these goods in the selected period, the price is taken from this invoice and multiplied by the total sales quantity. If no incoming invoice has been created, the system searches for other documents and uses their price for the calculation. When posting the above-mentioned documents, they are entered in the parts transaction file in relation to goods receipt or production - each subdivided into year and month. The corresponding quantities are registered here. Thus, when creating the parts consumption, only the parts operation files of the individual document types have to be fetched and the quantities compiled from them. An exception to this is the removal from storage. Here the quantities are not collected in the parts procedure folder, but in the warehouse statistics. This can be accessed via the warehouse account of the part. A record is created in the list for each part and for each period with consumption, unless the part does not have an operation folder. (For more on this, see the options window)Parts without consumption are listed in the tab "Parts without consumption". A double click opens the stock movement window for the clicked period. Attention! Validity is not taken into account in part consumption, i.e. consumption across exchange objects is not displayed! Attention (only companies with separate client turnover)! If the option "Split variant parts" is set via the options window, the split display is incorrectly displayed for clients whose material logistics are not separated according to domains/company codes. The total sum of all variant part characteristics is displayed behind each characteristic of a variant part. This is also not possible to separate subsequently, as the conditions for this are defined solely in the transaction descriptions. (What is consumption of one company, what is consumption of the other?) Attention! If a part is marked as "constructive assembly", it is not displayed as "consumption"! From the dispo account , the parts consumption statistics can be accessed via the "Parts consumption" group. If this way is chosen, the consumption of the last 12 months is displayed in the list, whereby the displayed filter remains on the currently valid period. So if you simply use the "Create statistics" icon, only the current month will be displayed. The variant filter possibly transferred via the dispo account must also be taken into account: If the statistics from the MRP account were called up after double-clicking on the MRP list with split variants, the statistics will only display the turnovers of the transferred characteristic. To delete the filter, click on the toolbar button "Reset list and delete variant filter ". This is the description of the functionality of the module "statturn" with the name "Parts consumption" regarding Option window: The following display settings can be specified in the options window:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statturn" with the name "Parts consumption" regarding Technical documentation: A global macro with a period and a part is called, which creates a container per period. The containers have the following format:.