This is the description of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage": General Price formation on the positionStorage of excess quantities from customer ordersStorage of variant parts Cost centres Cost unit EvaluationInfluence of storage on the moving average price of the part Post CalculationMobile storage. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding General: You can post warehouse parts that were entered in the goods receipt to the warehouse or enter other goods receipts (e.g. surplus stock removal ). The other putaways can be assigned to a cost object in order Attention! For QA parts, putaways can only be made if quality assurance documents have been posted for the corresponding goods receipt to be put away. The open quantity of the goods receipt is determined automatically. The following formula is used for this: Sum of all QA quantities - quantity provided to GR - putaways already posted - returned quantity = new quantity for putaway (goods receipt). Example: Goods receipt item 10 pieces has the following successors: = 1 piece open for new storage position ( 7 pieces - 5 pieces - 1 piece ) As no quality assurance has been booked for the last 3 parts, they cannot be stored. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Price formation on the position: There are always 2 prices on the storage position: The standard price of the part from the corresponding roll (production or order roll, depending on the logistics settings) and the price which is the current average price on the stock account or the price from the previous order. For newly created parts and immediate storage, the average price is not yet set. In these cases the field "Price" is writable and a valuation of the goods receipt can be made with this. After a one-time entry and storage, the price is set as the new average price on the warehouse account of the part and can only be changed afterwards by a physical inventory. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Storage of excess quantities from customer orders: If a quantity from a sales order item which contains a variant part is to be put away, a subpart with the corresponding characteristic must first be created. During the putaway process, the system now recognises that this new subpart on the putaway document is a part belonging to the variant part. The putaway can therefore take place with the lower part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Storage of variant parts: Variant parts can only be put away if they have the indicator 'common warehouse account'. If this indicator is not set, then only a temporary storage can be created for a variant part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Cost centre: It is possible to assign a storage to a cost centre at any time by checking the box "Cost centre". This is conceivable, for example, if a certain part has been broken on the construction site by an own employee of a certain cost centre. This cost centre was then specifically debited with the replacement of this part. Now this cost centre has procured its own spare part and is to be credited. For this purpose, this cost centre must be specified on the storage. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Cost unit: There is the possibility to relieve a cost unit by storing the goods, this is the case, for example, if an interested party wishes to receive a sample of a part in advance for inspection. In this case, there is not yet an order to which these costs could be linked. In this case it is a good idea to create a project (cost unit) for this interested party in which all costs are collected. The cost unit can be relieved by storing the part if it is not to your liking. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Evaluation: Storage facilities will be provided with 2 prices: 1. price from previous documents (pricePer) 2. price from rolls (last.svpPricePer) The following rules apply for the determination of prices: For price 1: If a preceding document exists, its price is transferred to the goods receipt document, taking all conditions into account. If no preceding document exists, the average price from the warehouse account is used. If no average price exists in the warehouse account either, the price remains at 0. For price 2: If an order exists as a predecessor, the price is taken from the order roll. In the case of a production order as predecessor, the price from the production role. If the item does not have a predecessor, the logistics indicator is used to check whether the price should be taken from the order or production role. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Influence of storage on the moving average price of the part: Which price of the goods receipt changes the moving average price and is thus evaluated in the warehouse statistics, now only depends on the setting for determining the average price on the client. If the option "roll price" is selected, the standard price from the procurement role is used for the valuation. If the option "Document price" is selected, the price from the previous order item including all surcharges and discounts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Post Calculation: In the post-calculation, a negative value is always included in the valuation for storage. Storage at cost objects always represents a credit (=negative debit). To determine the costs to be credited, the standard procurement type (purchased part / production part) and then the costs are taken from the corresponding role. However, there is one exception: If the putaway has a predecessor (i.e. too much was ordered for one order, the remaining quantity is put away), then the costs are determined from the order. Attention! If a goods issue was posted for a cost object via a purchased part, then the purchased part was converted as a production part and subsequently a goods receipt was created as a credit, then the positive stock removal value continues to be in the purchased parts from stock column, the negative goods receipt value can then be found in the production parts from stock column. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Mobile storage: Mobile storage enables so-called unplanned bookings for a project, order or cost centre to be easily booked. These could be, for example, returns to the warehouse, i.e. parts that have been removed from a workshop warehouse or small parts warehouse for a project can be posted again with this function and the cost object can be discharged. Parts can be selected via storage aids or directly. Storage aids cannot be posted directly, they are only used to find the parts. Empty storage aids should be registered and storage aids with more than one part should be transferred. This booking should not be used as a rule, as planned bookings cannot be processed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Input window: This window is used for the maintenance of storage. You can select a putaway by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". If you want to enter a new putaway, press the OK button (number, date and employee are preset). Then you can add the individual putaway items, i.e. for example, you can post warehouse parts that have been entered in the goods receipt to the warehouse (Goods receipt button) or enter other putaways (e.g. defer excess goods removals ) (Insert button). With the button 'Insert' you can add items to the document that are not in the goods receipt list. The part master opens from which you can select and post further parts. With the button 'Delete' you can remove items from the document and cancel your booking. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Position window: The item number is assigned automatically. For put-away that was not triggered by a goods receipt, the cost object can be assigned via menu or by right-clicking. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding List window: Serves to list the storage locations. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a putaway. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Production document window: In this window, putaway items can be created from stock orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "stockInput" with the name "Storage" regarding Splitting the selected item: In this window, the quantity of an existing storage item can be divided. This enables you to post a goods receipt to different storage bins.