This is the description of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics": This statistic is used for the overview and evaluation of warehouse stocks. It is called up by selecting parts and/or warehouses and by selecting the evaluation period(s). In addition, the currency for stock valuation can be specified; a prerequisite for this is a validly registered currency table.An evaluation of the data of all parts of a client for a certain period results in the opening or closing stock value of the fixed assets tied up in the warehouse and is thus part of the monthly statement.A warehouse statistic for ALL parts, i.e. also dispositive parts that are temporarily stored in a storage bin, can simply be carried out without pre-selection of parts. To do this, simply open the warehouse statistics, set the statistics period to be closed and select the menu item "Month-end closing" directly. For all parts found in this query, the warehouse accounts are searched for and these are saved in a collection at the user object of the logged-in user. If this user calls up the warehouse statistics again with this option (all parts without preselection) at a later time on the same day, all parts and their warehouse accounts are not searched for again, but the objects saved from the user are used again for the next run. This speeds up the month-end closing process enormously if it had to be interrupted at a certain point.General note: The module can only be called up if financial years and periods are defined in the system.Notes on month-end closing in this module: If receipts without price/value were found during the month-end closing, they are displayed as failed after the month-end closing. The prices/values can then be entered in this result window. When prices/values are added to documents at the end of the month, a note is displayed if the warehouse part does not have an average price and this should be added to the logistics account. If the average price has been entered in the logistics account, this average price can be transferred to all documents without price/value by means of the transfer button (i.e. enter the average price per part in the logistics account and then press the transfer button). Search run (Services->Inspection->Materials management tab "Stock account") for stocked parts without average price with the option to set average prices for these from the roles (according to the set logistics indicator). If this run is executed again and again (read transaction), then fewer and fewer documents without valuation are created, which then have to be corrected at the end of the monthIMPORTANT! Before closing the warehouse statistics, the batch run errors of the individual database operations must have been checked and corrected. Only in this way can the correct result be determined. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Functionality: Automatic keeping of statistics With each warehouse booking, outgoing and incoming quantities and values are automatically adjusted in the corresponding statistics period: Storage price depending on the setting in the client, the roll price or the document price. In contrast to the receipt and issue quantities explained above, the opening and closing stocks and values are not automatically adjusted on an ongoing basis, but are only determined at the time of the month-end closing . Also at month-end closing, stock transfer, stock correction, receipt and issue values are recalculated, as they may well be adjusted if the current average price changes. Stock issues are valued using the average price of the warehouse account. A change in the average price would therefore also mean a change in the issue value! Prepare statistics and execute immediately First you should select the desired evaluation period(s). By pressing the button ("Select") you can then call up the part selection mask, in which parts can be compiled according to different criteria. On the other hand, you can call up the statistics for entire warehouses; a warehouse selection screen opens for this purpose: For the purposes of the month-end closing, you should call up all warehouses. You can also transfer parts or their part roles to the list via drag & drop, as well as entire inventory documents or only individual items. After selecting parts or warehouses, the statistics are immediately executed automatically. Run statistics again If the warehouse statistics have already been called up once, you can change the selection of periods for the entries that appeared in the list. If you change the selection of periods, the entries in the list are deleted - since the list was originally set up for a different selection of periods - after pressing the button ("Execute statistics"), a new evaluation is carried out without having to select warehouses or parts again: the originally selected selection of parts or warehouses is retained until a new selection is called up or the window is closed. Display stock/value development If parts are called up via from - to periods, then all period data of these parts are displayed. The development of turnover and/or stock values over time is thus possible. However, an overall total across all periods is not displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Month-end closing: Selection of parts: Via the menu or symbol opens a part selection window through which specific parts or part number ranges can be selected. However, if the monthly closing is to be made for all parts in the system, it is not necessary to first select all parts via the selection screen. Only the statistics period of the period to be closed must be set and then the menu item "Month-end closing (possibly continue)" must be selected. Now the month-end closing is made for all parts. What does the month-end closing do? Within the framework of the month-end closing, the following steps are carried out by the system: In addition to or AFTER the monthly closing of the warehouse statistics, the stock turnover figures for all warehouse parts should also be carried out in a further separate step (this can also be carried out together via an option in the client ). The inventory turnover ratios can be displayed via a separate list format in the list of warehouse statistics or via the logistics account of the part. Inventory turnover ratios should only be determined after the month-end closing, because this is calculated from the final stocks of the last 13 closed months. If a month is not yet closed, there is also no closing stock. Hint: Note that when creating the month-end closing, the system-wide validity date is set to the last day of the current period to be calculated. If the evaluation is cancelled, the system-wide validity date is NOT reset to the current date, then care must be taken to reset the system-wide validity date to the current date. This is done via the main menu "System->Change date->Session date", there the field "Validity date". When should the month-end closing be made? The monthly closing should finally be carried out after the closing of a business period, otherwise the determined stocks/values (accrual) could be falsified by a further stock posting. If this is the case, it is indicated with a red dot. in the corresponding line/column: What can I influence when closing the month? In the options window, the auditor is offered the possibility of recalculating all average prices for the selected periods/parts/warehouses and saving them on the transactions (goods withdrawals and inventory documents) during the monthly closing. This operation takes longer than the 'normal' monthly closing, but it also provides a truer closing value, as each time an acquisition transaction changes, it changes the average price as if it were the last transaction in that period. It is also now possible to perform monthly closings over several periods in succession by selecting the periodic period. When closing the month, it is also no longer necessary to first run the stock statistics for the period over all parts and then start the month-end closing. You now only need to select the period and start the monthly closing. This is then run over all parts. There is an option to perform the monthly closing only for valid parts. To do this, check the box "Only valid parts" above the list before closing. If this option is activated, the test "invalid warehouses with stock" and "invalid parts with stock" should be carried out and corrected beforehand. Another option, activated by default, is to open another window following the month-end closing, showing all statistics that could not be closed due to stock movements without price. What happens after the closure and what about repeats of the monthly closure? For the individual parts and periods, it is stored who and when the last month-end closing was carried out. On the basis of this indicator and the consistency of opening balance+decrease+transfer=closing balance, it is checked whether the month has to be recalculated at all in the case of repeated month-end closing. If the entire month is nevertheless to be recalculated for all or for all selected parts, the menu item "Repeat month-end closing" must be selected. What is a month cube? A monthly cube (also simply referred to as statistics) is the statistical connection of several independent sources in which further statistical information can be collected that always refers to exactly the same data. In the example of warehouse statistics, the common sources are the following: 1. the part 2. the warehouse 3. the statistical period A monthly cube is the envelope around a part and its movements in a given storage location per month. What information does the monthly cube contain? It contains all the warehouse documents that have run for this part at this warehouse during this statistical period. It is also used to collect live movement values without having to collect and store them together overnight in any batch runs. It is therefore also possible to display all movements that have taken place in this period simply by pressing a button, as they are all stored in the monthly cube. This procedure is called OLAP (OnLine Analytic Processing) - the data is already posted to all relevant statistics when the document is posted and evaluated there. It may well be that a part A for statistics period July 2003 has 2 monthly cubes, one for warehouse B and one for warehouse C. --> If one of the three sources changes, a new cube is created. The following data are recorded in each cube :. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Average price calculation: During ongoing operation, the average price is continuously calculated in the warehouse account (see average price calculation); this calculation can be checked or corrected in the warehouse statistics. The following rules apply to the calculation of the average price in the warehouse statistics at the end of the month: Important note: In the options window, you can use "Average price - recalculation at month-end closing" to save the calculated average price of the month-end closing on the stock removal documents. The correction run resets the current average price stored on the inventory and the valuation price if this is empty or zero. Manually corrected valuations on the inventory are therefore not overwritten. The prices determined during the run are written to the stock withdrawal and stock transfer documents. Changing these prices also changes the withdrawal value in the current period. Therefore, while this average price is being calculated, the value for stock placements, stock removals and stock transfers is also recalculated and saved for the period. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Lowest value inventory: In the lowest value inventory, the lowest current price of a part in the period of the warehouse statistics is always determined for the determination of the actually existing warehouse values. This results in the following order of priority for the various logistics types of parts: Production parts: Lower price from average price from warehouse account (if not zero) and manufacturing costs from production roll. Purchased parts: Lowest price from supplier agreement price of A supplier (if no A supplier exists, then the supplier agreement price of the supplier from whom the last order was placed is taken), master purchase price and average price from logistics account. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Stock keeper: To obtain a list of warehouse keepers, simply sort the warehouse statistics by the "last departure" column. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Stock turnover ratio - stock turnover frequency: The inventory turnover ratio (stock turnover ratio) is the quotient of the average stock of the last 13 months (closing stocks) and the sum of the total quantities withdrawn (consumed) during this period. Determination of the average stock level: The total withdrawals of the last 13 periods are now divided by this average stock, resulting in the ratio. Stock turnover ratios are determined in a further step in the course of the monthly closing of the warehouse statistics. This is done via the menu "Closing" of the warehouse statistics. They can be carried out directly or during the night (if the night service is started via a batch file), or automatically with the monthly closing via an option (in the client). Stock turnover figures should only be determined after the month-end closing, because this is calculated from the final stocks of the last 13 completed months. If a month is not yet closed, there is also no closing stock. If the inventory turnover for a part has been determined via the determination run for saving the inventory turnover key figures, this is also displayed in the logistics account of the part and can be viewed at any time. The inventory turnover ratio is primarily used to adjust the stock level (minimum stock level) of parts to the quantities actually consumed. If a part has a minimum stock of 1 piece, but approx. 20 pieces were consumed per month, then the high ratio shows that the minimum stock should be increased. If, on the other hand, a part always has ending stocks of 25 pieces on average, but only 2 pieces are consumed per month, the result is a very low (below 1) key figure, which signals that the minimum stock should be reduced. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding List window: In the list, the parts are listed for which the stock statistics are to be carried out. In addition to selecting by parts or warehouse, parts or their part roles can be transferred to the list via drag & drop, as can entire inventory documents or only individual items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Exam window: The examination window can be reached via the menu "Examinations -> Evaluate and correct existing examination results". It opens automatically when an examination is started or by selecting the option "automatically after the end of the month" if examinations have failed when building up the monthly statistics. In order to obtain the most accurate assessment of the warehouse value, a possibility has been built in to check whether, for example, documents have no price/value or warehouse receipts and issues have been mixed up. The results of these checks are stored in the database and can be retrieved later at any time via the results window. The following plausibility checks have been implemented: In this window, all results of plausibility checks already carried out can be evaluated and corrected. First set the period in which the plausibility check was carried out. Then press the "Display" button or select a specific check from the combo box on the right side of the screen by unchecking "All checks". A list of monthly cubes is displayed. In the list under the heading "Problematic monthly statistics", all months of parts that failed the selected or one of the possible exams appear. A monthly cube is the envelope around a part and its movements in a given storage location per month. In the second column of the upper list, you can see which failed inspection this record is. So we now already know that a movement without value (price) was assessed in this month. To find it now, we simply click on the month cube with the mouse. Now its stock movements appear in the lower list. Movements for which a check failed are shown in red, as can be seen in the second entry in the figure above. You can now clearly see that this movement has the price 0.00€/1piece. However, since in the simplest case it is easy to see in the other movements with which price this movement should be valued, this price can simply be added by double-clicking on the red line. If no other document is posted in this month, a search must be made in the master data for a missing price. It is always advisable to add missing standard prices to the master data, as otherwise documents without prices may be created again and again. When leaving the line, the new value is taken over. Now data has effectively been changed that could influence the average price calculation. This is what the button "Re-complete corrected" in the upper part of the window is for. If this button is pressed, all monthly cubes now visible in the list are recalculated for the entire set period and the check for zero valuation is repeated. If the monthly cube is now OK, it no longer appears in the list after the end of the process. If other errors have crept in, they will continue to appear in the list. Of course, this correction option only helps with the one error "transactions without value". This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Change the chronological order of the documents: Once a withdrawal of goods has been booked before the receipt of goods, this is not so nice if you want clean statistics. This mishap can also be corrected via this screen by double-clicking on the movement and changing the date or time of the goods withdrawal to after that of the goods receipt. A subsequent click on the month cube updates the view and one can check whether the shift has worked properly. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Cost sharing: Allocation of the various stock postings to cost types or accounts. The values can be used to post the change in stock in the FIBU. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Edit devaluation: Goods may no longer be worth their full purchase value for various reasons. These parts are devalued by a percentage indication in the stock statistics. In the warehouse statistics, the devaluation percentage can be determined automatically for all displayed monthly statistics or for certain selected ones. The following simple rule is applied here: The devaluation defined in the warehouse has a higher priority. The devaluations can also be changed manually via the context menu "Set devaluation manually". If this menu item is selected, an editing window opens where the new devaluation percentage can be entered. An explanation must be entered for this. Likewise, the user is saved with the date and time of the change on the statistic that he or she has changed. Useful explanations would be "goods are heavily soiled" or "water damage". A devaluation is only permissible as long as it is not negative or below the automatic devaluation. So if the automatic determination has determined 25%, the devaluation cannot be set down to 10%. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Options window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed via the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Automated closure: The warehouse statistics can be automated in the application calendar with the following call : "UpdateStockStatistics" SendMsg(EXEC_QUERY_STOCK_STATISTICS). can be completed on the current date. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Technical documentation: The module represents the data that is partly written into the corresponding data cubes by the transaction descriptions (see data model) and partly calculated during reconciliation (see above monthly closing). This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Transaction description: Example of goods putaway:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "StockStatistics" with the name "Stock statistics" regarding Month end (technical): During reconciliation, slots opening.quantity (opening stock), closing.quantity (closing stock) opening.value (starting value) and closing.value (ending value) are calculated and 'rewritten' into the corresponding LogCubes.