This is the description of the module "workTimeTerminal" with the name "Time recording terminal": This application is used to record both flexitime and operating data (BDE) and requires a barcode recording device, e.g. connected to the keyboard.If a personnel card is read in using the barcode recording device, in addition to the flexitime events "coming" and "going", "business trip", "doctor's visit" and "private departure" can also be recorded with date and time. Each time a personnel card is read in, the (flexitime) account balance is confirmed by the output of the (flexitime) account balance.The further processing of (flexitime) data is carried out in the flexitime accounting module.By switching over to BDE events - such as "Start" or "End ", work tickets and route cards - with the corresponding barcode - can also be reported back. In addition to the "Start" and "End" messages - from which the work duration is then determined - standard times can also be reported or the number of employees per workstation can be specified (special entries).The further processing of BDE data takes place in the production data acquisition module. This is the description of the functionality of the module "workTimeTerminal" with the name "Time recording terminal" regarding Main mask: The time recording terminal essentially consists of the main screen. In the middle, the time is displayed in analogue and digital form, to the left of it the confirmation mode, to the right of it the current date. The feedback modes and their respective events of the time recording terminal are All menu items are considered special applications and are therefore almost exclusively (except the language changeover) protected by a password. This is the description of the functionality of the module "workTimeTerminal" with the name "Time recording terminal" regarding Overview: The module is a project (.cxp file) which is operated without a database. The "non-persistent" ClassiX® DLLs are required for this purpose. The booked data is stored in the file described by the environment variables CX_FLEXTERM_LOGFILE and sent to the computer defined by the environment variables CX_FLEXTERM_HOST for further processing. For this purpose the batch "sendhost.bat" is called from the application, which in turn calls the transmission program sendhost.exe, in which the ftp access authorisations are defined. This is the description of the functionality of the module "workTimeTerminal" with the name "Time recording terminal" regarding Implementation: The control of the application is essentially controlled by the environment variables:.