This is the description of the module "analypdc" with the name "BDE analysis": This evaluation serves the analysis of recorded BDE time tickets. The following evaluation groups are formed: Reasons for longer or shorter periods (reasons for deviation) Resources (workstations, machines, employees) Cost centres The window therefore contains 3 separate grouping lists, which contain the results of the individual evaluations They contain one entry for each grouping object (e.g. additional time due to parts list problems), the number of PDC logoffs, the ACTUAL time logged off, the TARGET time planned for this and the resulting deviations. If one entry of these 3 grouping lists is marked, all recorded PDC logoffs corresponding to this grouping appear in the lower list. The call is made by selecting the evaluation period(s). It is also possible to select one or more orders via the toolbar or by drag and drop and to evaluate the corresponding PDC hours. The module can only be called up if financial years and periods are defined in the system. This is the description of the functionality of the module "analypdc" with the name "BDE analysis" regarding List window: The first thing to do is to select the desired evaluation period(s). Then press the button ("Run statistics") starts the evaluation for all resources in the selected period. By means of the context menu (right mouse button) in the list windows or by drag and drop the selection can be further selected to orders, cost centres, workstations, work groups and work areas. The list is recreated directly after the selection. This is the description of the functionality of the module "analypdc" with the name "BDE analysis" regarding Result:: As a result, the lists within the tabs on the mask below the evaluation periods are filled. Here are statistical subtotals which, depending on the tab, contain either reasons for deviation, resource or cost centre evaluations. The deviations are always shown in 3 columns: 1. hours in format SS:MM 2. minutes 3. percent Minutes has been added to the list so that you can also sort by them. Sorting according to the hour display is not possible, because it is a plain text field and in this case 21 would come before 3, because sorting starts with the first character from the left - as usual with alphabetical text sorting. If an entry of these lists is marked, all associated SFDC data acquisition will appear in the lower list. A multiple selection is also possible. If a PDC recording has a supplementary comment on the overtime or undertime, this can be viewed in its completeness by clicking on the toolbar button " " can be viewed and changed. A double click opens the editing mask of the PDC document. The target time in the lower list results from the following calculation: Logged off quantity * piece time + set-up time. So if only one of 10 pieces is logged off, the SET time is not displayed for the full 10 pieces. Example: Work sequence 010 has 10 hose connections, a piece time of 10 minutes and a set-up time of 5 minutes. If 2 pieces are now logged off, this results in a SET time of 25 minutes (2*10 minutes + 5 minutes set-up time). This is the description of the functionality of the module "analypdc" with the name "BDE analysis" regarding Option window: In the option window the BDE notes to be evaluated can be limited and filtered. The limitation can be specified for excess and shortfall quantities for BDE notes with and without deviation reason. This is very practical, as you can set that you are already interested in the receipts with a deviation of + 10% working time, but only those that were not justified. The receipts with reasons are only interesting from a deviation of e.g. 100%. You can also filter the negative deviation separately for all cases. Documents which have SOLL=ACTUAL can be ignored by unchecking the box "Display documents without deviation". However, this function is only available if no other filter is set, since then the documents without deviation are below the set limit anyway. This is the description of the functionality of the module "analypdc" with the name "BDE analysis" regarding Technical documentation: The evaluation is still done by collecting the information. However, it will be converted to automatic posting.