This is the description of the module "balancos" with the name "Account balances (cost accounting)": This module displays the annual and period balances of cost centre, cost type and cost unit accounts posted in cost accounting. Furthermore, periodised plan costs can be stored. This is the description of the functionality of the module "balancos" with the name "Account balances (cost accounting)" regarding Period balance window: After calling up this window, the period balances of actual and planned costs of the current fiscal year are listed. The displayed fiscal year can be converted to all fiscal years stored in the system. By pressing the button the period balances can also be displayed graphically in a bar chart. By double-clicking on an entry in the list (selection of a period) the cost postings of this period are displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "balancos" with the name "Account balances (cost accounting)" regarding Planned cost window: This window is used to maintain the planned costs. If no planned costs have been entered yet, all fields in the window are empty. In this case no fiscal year is selected by default. Planned costs can also be read in directly via an interface in the cost centre module (import function). In the upper part of the window, the planned costs for the entire fiscal year are displayed, and directly below, within the group Distribution by Periods, the planned costs of the individual periods for the selected cost account are displayed in a list. After first selecting the desired business year to enter the planned costs, the "Save" button appears: this saves the annual planned costs from the "Planned costs" field for the entire business year and distributes them evenly to all periods. The period planned costs can be maintained manually by double-clicking in the list, which changes the annual planned cost value as a sum over all period values. Depending on the cost account (cost centre or cost element), the annual planned costs can be distributed in the group Distribution by cost elements (or cost centres) to either cost elements, cost element groups (nodes within a cost element structure or evaluation group) or cost centres. If a new combination of cost centre/cost element is entered, the annual plan cost value for this combination can be distributed equally over all periods of the fiscal year using the context menu option "Distribute to periods". These periodised plan costs are displayed by selecting a cost centre/cost element combination in the bottom part of the window and can also be maintained there. Changing a period value also changes the summary annual plan cost value of the cost centre/cost element combination. This is the description of the functionality of the module "balancos" with the name "Account balances (cost accounting)" regarding Breakdown by period: In this group the distribution of the annual plan number into the individual periods is displayed/maintained. This is the description of the functionality of the module "balancos" with the name "Account balances (cost accounting)" regarding Breakdown by cost types/cost centres: In this group the distribution of the annual plan number into the individual periods is displayed/maintained. Using the button "Insert" the annual plan costs can be distributed to further cost elements or cost centres. If a cost element/cost centre is selected in this list, the period values for the respective combination of cost centre and cost element appear below it. By clicking the right mouse button, the following context menu appears:.