This is the description of the module "bbook" with the name "Posting vouchers": Sequence of documents to be posted (header, subtransactions) Link transaction with status (workflow) and advance status Registering a transaction in an activity folder (via transaction descriptions) Sequenceof documents to be posted (header, subtransactions) The vouchers are currently being posted as follows The table shows how to post when the various documents (part of the programme) are changed (e.g. via the UpdateObject macro). The numbers show the sequence. Programme section Module name Head bulging out Derecognition of transactions Registering the head Posting of transactions Special feature Delivery note header delinedt.mod 1 2 3 4 Posting of the header before posting the transaction Delivery note Pos. delinedt.mod 1 2 head is not booked out Invoice header billiedt.mod 1 2 Transactions are not derecognised Invoice Pos. invoiitm.mod 1 2 head is not booked out Order header purcoedt.mod 1 2 3 4 STANDARD Order Pos. puroiedt.mod 1 2 3 4 STANDARD The stand in the order modules should become the standard. Explanation of the forthcoming standard: Document header: If the header is changed in a module via the UpdateObject macro, the header is booked out first at the beginning of the macro and then all positions are booked out via the corresponding messages: purchaseOrder (-1) SendMsg(BOOK_PURCHASE_ORDER) to book out the head and purchaseOrder (-1) SendMsg(BOOK_PURCHASE_ORDER_ITEM) to clear all transactions After the header has been processed, the receipts are posted again via the same messages. Instead of the (-1) a 1 is now placed on the stack. Document positions: In all cases where the documents are changed, the document header must first be cleared. Then the transaction to be changed is specifically charged off via the corresponding message. purchaseOrder (-1) SendMsg(BOOK_PURCHASE_ORDER) to book out the head and After the changes (DrainWindow and Co.), the receipts must be posted using the same method. Instead of the (-1) a 1 is now placed on the stack. General information: messages: A message according to the schema BOOK_XXXXXXX or BOOK_XXXXXX_ITEM must be defined in each module that books in or out documents. These messages then call a macro for booking out (BookByEdit[[Item]Back), which books out the documents, and a macro (BookByEdit[[Item]), which books the documents back in. transaction descriptions: In the transaction description of the header a check mark is set for subtransactions and the value "false" is entered in the adjacent field. This prevents the transaction description from running through all subtransactions, which it would normally do. Of course this hook is not set in the transaction descriptions of the items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "bbook" with the name "Posting vouchers" regarding Transaction descriptions/business processes: Link transaction with status (workflow) and advance status: Register a transaction in an activity folder (via transaction descriptions):.