This is the description of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists": Parts lists describe the composition of a production part. A bill of material consists of parts, which in turn can have a bill of material. Each bill of material item describes which parts are required in which quantity for the production of a manufacturing part. There are two item types of a bill of material: Single item Variant item (conditional parts list item) The basic heading contains a part from the parts master that is required in the specified (constant or calculated) quantity. A variant item is a conditional list of single items. When exploding the bill of material, the (single) item whose condition is fulfilled first is used. If a subpart (of a variant part) is inserted into a bill of material, its characteristics are not automatically transferred, as these bills of material do not represent master data. During further processing of the parts list in orders or similar, the master data of the individual parts "shine through" and can then be changed later. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Input window: This window is used for maintaining parts lists. You can select a parts list by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If several bills of material exist with the number, the selection window is displayed and you can select the desired bill of material. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Enter a corresponding part-/drawing number and in the field 'Description' the name of the part. The creation date and the editor are predefined by the system and can be changed. Before you can add parts list items, a new parts list must be saved. Before you use a bill of material (which contains conditional items or calculated/conditional quantity specifications), you should test it (bill of material inspection). You can also "sort positions" in the "Positions" submenu: There the positions of the current parts list are sorted anew - according to a freely enterable and then ascending position number. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Parts list display: If, in the list of parts list items, the symbol is output, then it is a part that is now valid as an exchange object of an originally inserted part object. In the parts list editing mask there are two possibilities for visualising the parts list. One is the display as a modular parts list, in which only the items of the first level are displayed. {img type="fileId" fileId="370" thumb="box" width="100%"} In addition, the entries of possible variant parts list items can be displayed via the variant checkbox. The parts list items can be selected with the button can be displayed in the tree view. Then the complete structure of the called up parts list is displayed - including all structures of the sub parts lists occurring in the parts list itself. This output is for viewing only, editing is (currently) not possible. The structured parts list can also be displayed in list form (radio button), for this purpose you can also specify the desired depth to which you want to track the parts lists. (The parts list report is only recommended in this list display) With the checkbox "also display invalid items" all items of the parts list can be displayed, i.e. also those on invalid set parts list items. With the button you can display the MRP product structure of the bill of material. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Inspection parts list: You can check whether the parts list has been entered correctly via the menu item 'Parts list inspection'. The window 'Inspection Bill of Material' opens. Via 'Edit - Resolve' you can select the scope of the test and via 'Edit - Delete test resolutions' you can undo tests. If a parts list cannot be exploded, the system will display an error message. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Renumber parts list items: This window is used to enter the information for a new numbering of the parts list items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding List window: Serves on the one hand to list (headers) of parts lists and on the other hand as a starting point for listing and checking routines for parts list items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Bill of material items (across different bills of material): In this window, the positions of the parts lists previously selected in the list window are displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a parts list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Parts list items (search results): If a search was carried out using set attributes, the positions to which the search applied are displayed here. A search for attributes applies if the subitem itself has the attribute you are looking for in any specified form, or if the subitem has a formula or conditional table as a quantity that contains this characteristic. For quantities as formulas or conditional values, the value of the characteristic is never checked. This means that if you search for LENGTH=34mm, a BOM/routing item is not displayed, even if it contains a quantity table with an entry LENGTH=34mm. Likewise, conditional BOM/routing items whose condition exactly matches the searched expression are not found. Only if this position also has the fixed attribute LENGTH=34mm, it will be found. So if you want to search all conditional entries and formulas for an attribute, you have to use the search on "available". A double click on an entry opens the editing mask of the position. This is the description of the functionality of the module "billofma" with the name "Parts lists" regarding Technically:: There are now the following macros for locking the input window:.