This is the description of the module "budofedt" with the name "Budget Offer": This module primarily supports the sales/field service in preparing so-called budget offers (short offers). The normal quotation module is designed to record a quotation both commercially (sales prices, conditions) and technically (article incl. characteristics) in detail and exactly. A sales representative usually does not have this option, as he may have limited access to the ClassiX® ERP system. In order to support the sales representative in preparing and submitting offers, this module can be used together with an offline solution of the ClassiX® system. The aim is that the field service enters the budget offers via the offline solution and transfers them to the main database at the next online access. (In addition to the offline solution, it is also planned to record the budget offers via a web interface). The sales representative benefits from the use of the budget offers by accessing various master information (standard sales articles/ sets, sales conditions) and a uniform and automated output of the offer (forms). Due to the import of the budget quotations into the main database, the head office benefits from a lower follow-up effort of the quotations/orders and a better, more uniform overview of the quotations submitted by the field service. This is the description of the functionality of the module "budofedt" with the name "Budget Offer" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain budget offers. This is the description of the functionality of the module "budofedt" with the name "Budget Offer" regarding List window: This window is used for listing . This is the description of the functionality of the module "budofedt" with the name "Budget Offer" regarding Selection window: This window is used for selection . This is the description of the functionality of the module "budofedt" with the name "Budget Offer" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.