This is the description of the module "capcheck" with the name "Capacity utilisation": This module was implemented in order to get an overview of the overall utilisation of all resources in the company. It offers the possibility to see at a glance for a selected time period by means of green, yellow and red boxes, whether the actual booked workload is higher than the planned capacity, which is available to a resource, e.g. due to assigned employees (e.g. 4 employees of 40 hours each per week = 160 hours capacity at the machine). Employee deployment planning This capacity utilisation list can also be used for the scheduling of employees: Tasks from service provider groups, work orders and service assignments are posted to the employee's planning pool. In this way, it is possible to monitor which employee is working at what time and to what extent, or where he or she may be out in the field, absent due to holidays, illness or other reasons, or whether he or she is on emergency duty for the selected calendar week. For the capacity planning of employees there are a few special features: Flexitime days Flexitime absences can be entered via the employee mask. These are then displayed in the overview with a blue symbol with a white square. This should then mean that the employee is free (blue means no capacity due to holidays, illness or other absence), but can be contacted in case of bottlenecks. For this reason, there is a different symbol for the "flexitime" absence than for all other full-day absences where the reason cannot be identified. Emergency services The emergency service is also determined by an employee's absence. The overview then checks whether the employee has an emergency service on the first Monday shown and displays this in red under the employee name in the list. The emergency services are always valid per week in the usual cases. Receipts posted In order to display the documents that were used to represent the workload, you can use the toolbar or by right-clicking and then using the context menu entry"Capacity overview" to jump to a list of booked vouchers divided by calendar weeks. The planned capacity can be entered in the capacity planning module, which can be accessed via the resources (Menu in search list "Edit - Set - Capacity planning". It can also be set via the list of the capacity overview by double-clicking. The evaluation and display can be influenced via the option window. Restriction criteria Resource In the area "Resource" you can set for which type of resource an evaluation should be made. The following resource types are available: Production area Workplace Working Group Machine Employees Depending on the selected resource category, a restriction option appears in the embedded subgroup "Selected resource" to start the evaluation for only one resource or only one production area which in turn can contain several resources. It is also possible to drag and drop resources into the list. However, if there are several entries, the option "Empty list before new search" in the option window must be deactivated first. Evaluation options There are two other ways to generate the evaluation: by the day or by the week. However, this option is only possible for employees and work groups. List view The list can be displayed in various ways: Quick overview - coloured boxes are displayed for a quick overview of whether there is sufficient capacity for the booked requirements Detailed - No coloured boxes were used. In this mode all relevant data is displayed divided into columns, e.g. total demand, overhang, projected demand Shift plan - The shift plan is a short overview that also shows for which customer the planned capacity is needed, or for which customer the employee was scheduled. This is determined exclusively from booked service provider groups from quotations and orders. This way it is possible to clearly identify for each employee in a given period of time if and where he is scheduled to work or where he is currently located. - Attention: In order not to make the list too confusing, only the first 50 letters of all locations are displayed per day or per week per resource! So if an employee is at 6 different customers on one day, the exact location can only be determined via the capacity overview ( in the toolbar or by double clicking on the line)! Exemplary example of a deployment plan: Attention during employee evaluations: If the evaluation option "Employee Graphic Mode" is set, the evaluation logic behaves a little differently than in normal mode: In the list, only the days that have LESS workload than originally planned appear in red. For all other resources it is exactly the other way round, there the overplanning is marked in red. If no capacity has been specified for a booked period, or if an absence has been booked for the employee for this day (illness, holiday, etc.), the blue box is displayed. If the employee has a "flexitime day" absence, a white square is displayed in the blue box. Also in the graphics a difference can be seen: In red, the working time is marked that was actually assigned by the daily working time assigned to the employee, but not logged off by hourly data entry. This time is therefore unlogged working time. In white, the bar shows the time that was logged off by a time sheet, but the project hanging on the time sheet has the "do not calculate" check mark. This time is considered as working time that cannot be calculated further. In blue, the time is shown in the bar, which has been logged off by time sheets and can also be charged to the customer. Display A time range for the evaluation can be specified in the right group. A possible entry would be 25th week 06 to 30th week 06 or May to June or even 2005 to 2006. The longer the selected time period, the longer the evaluation will take, of course, but the more accurate the development can be, the more accurate the resources can be graphically displayed. Once all the details have been entered, you can click on the button or by pressing Enter in the date field the evaluation can be started. The progress is indicated by a progress bar at the bottom of the screen. When the determination is complete, the result is displayed as shown above: It is now very easy to see in which workstation the workload in which calendar week is greater than planned. The planned workload is calculated by multiplying the number of employees assigned to this workstation by their weekly hours. So if a red square is visible, either the schedule would have to be rescheduled, the employees would have to be asked to work overtime or an external worker would have to be called in for this week in order to increase the planned capacity. The workloads can also be displayed in a graph for individual resources (mark entry in list). For this purpose, the toolbar button to operate. Depending on the display graphics set in the option window, a window with a bar or line chart, flat or in 3D, appears: Here it can be read even more precisely how far a planned capacity has been exceeded or whether the utilisation rate for a resource is permanently lower than planned. In this case, the planned capacity could be reduced by reassigning an employee to a different work area and at the same time the planned capacity could be increased in his new work area. With the help of the graphics, a load overview can also be created retrospectively for a whole year. Overhangs If work from previous periods is still open, this is referred to as overhangs. These overhangs are listed separately as standard. In order to see which documents make up the total of the overhangs, the entry can be marked in the list and the context menu opened by right-clicking on it. In this context menu, select the entry "Display open documents of previous periods". The worklist opens and displays all these documents. From here the documents can then be logged off. If old documents are still found, they can also be simply set to completed by clicking on "Change status" (right click on worklist). Configured times from network plan. This is the description of the functionality of the module "capcheck" with the name "Capacity utilisation" regarding Booked orders window: In this window, all documents posted in a period can be viewed and navigated through. If this window is opened from the capacity load, the topmost list contains all individual periods. They are displayed with planned, reserved and booked requirements. If one of these entries is selected, all posted documents of this period are displayed in the "Posted documents" list. All settings for the display can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.