This is the description of the module "casts" with the name "Rolls": Roles are of special importance in ClassiX® applications, because they represent the relationships between your partners. Roles enable, for example, creditors who are simultaneously debtors or employees who are also system users, without double entry of data in the system. Companies and people with whom you do business are first and foremost all 'partners'. Only then are they assigned the respective roles (interested party, customer, supplier, bank, employee, etc.). For example, if you need to create a new customer master record , you should first check whether you have already created it as a company, possibly with the role 'prospect'. You can then assign a new role 'customer' to the corresponding company master data and your data will remain well structured and free of redundancies. The advantages of the object-oriented structure of the ClassiX® applications become particularly clear when taking roles as an example. The relationships with and between all your business partners and their roles can only be depicted so realistically in the system by the consistent object-oriented concept. Thus, your master data maintenance is considerably simplified. If you create a new partner, a corresponding person or company entry is created at the same time as the first assigned role is created (the only exception is the entry as system user). That means, if a contact person is created, then this person is also entered as a person master record in ClassiX® and if a customer is created, then the corresponding company entry is made automatically. If this customer already exists, for example as a 'prospective customer', then duplicates will occur - and the relationship between the data will be lost. In this example, it is recommended to look up the company directory beforehand and, if necessary, mark the company data record there and then assign the additional role 'customer' via the role icon. Then the window for entering the customer master data opens. You can also create the customer from here, for example, as a branch of an already registered company by clicking the corresponding icon, then entering the company data and then setting up the role 'customer'. If you have vendors with a customer account, you can of course also add this additional role from the vendor master data.