This is the description of the module "clipboard" with the name "ClassiX® Copy Buffer": ClassiX® enables the copying of sales types, sales articles and complete offers or orders. Attention! The copy buffer does not copy job groups that are marked as option groups or as "do not calculate"!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "clipboard" with the name "ClassiX® Copy Buffer" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain the ClassiX® copy buffer. This is the description of the functionality of the module "clipboard" with the name "ClassiX® Copy Buffer" regarding Copying individual items: Call up the job from which you want to copy individual items and switch to the 'Positions' card. For copying, the positions must be displayed as TREE. Now open the copy buffer by clicking on 'Call up copy buffer'. Mark the position to be copied, keep the left mouse button pressed (drag & drop) and drag the position into the open window 'Copy buffer'. Repeat this procedure as often as you want. Please do not close the Copy Buffer window, as the items stored there will not be saved. After you have called up a quotation or order or created a new one, switch the item overview there to the TREE display and insert the items from the copy buffer again using Drag & Drop. This is the description of the functionality of the module "clipboard" with the name "ClassiX® Copy Buffer" regarding Copying of entire offers and orders: Note: Since copying entire quotations or orders also copies all other existing data, such as characteristics, customer etc., errors may occur if existing data is not changed. It is therefore advisable to test the order flow first and to copy only one error-free order further. If you still want to copy a complete quotation or order, click on the first line of the item overview, which also contains the quotation or order number, and drag it into the 'Copy buffer' window. If you then drag this line again into a new quotation or order, the complete quotation or order is taken over. Note: If the quotation or job cannot be expanded in the copy buffer, copying cannot be performed without errors. Please repeat the process.