This is the description of the module "condiset" with the name "Condition groups": Using condition groups, different conditions can be combined and transferred to the documents in one. In this way, for example, the standard conditions for the order of a certain type can be defined. All conditions (cash discount, pricing, warranty, etc.) are then assigned to this condition group. When creating the order, not all conditions are then selected individually, but only the condition group intended for this category. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condiset" with the name "Condition groups" regarding Functionality: A condition group consists of a number and a descriptive text. Since, for example, only these two fields are displayed in the customer and conditional condition mask, the short text should also be used meaningfully. The list shows the conditions that make up the group. The buttons, the menu and the context menu can be used for editing. Via "Create" conditions are created which can only be reached via the condition group. Condition groups can be created for purchasing or sales areas. The area is determined by the call from the main menu or by the type of document (e.g. order or purchase order) from which the module is called. The user can recognise which area he is in by the name of the window, among other things. You can only insert conditions that belong to the same area as the condition group. Condition groups can only be inserted as a "whole" in master data, e.g. at the customer or in supplier agreements. When inserted into a document, the group is automatically broken down into its constituent parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condiset" with the name "Condition groups" regarding List window: This window is used to list the condition groups. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condiset" with the name "Condition groups" regarding Technical documentation: The option "Insert copied" for local conditions is set by linking the condition to the condition group via a descriptive wrapper.