This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding Pricing: The delivery condition (pricing) defines the place where the goods are handed over and thus the transfer of risk takes place. (see BGB) Specific fields Example "Work". This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding Shipping method: The dispatch type condition defines in prose (without control) how the goods are dispatched. Example By car, DHL, Specific fields - HESTIA - WMS data. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding Warranty: The warranty or liability for defects determines legal consequences and claims to which the buyer is entitled within the framework of a sales contract in which the seller has delivered defective goods or items. In the case of a contract for work and services, there is also a warranty for defects in the manufactured work. The warranty is to be distinguished from the legally prescribed warranty as a voluntary service. Specific fields Example: 12 months after acceptance or 18 months after delivery, 1-layer, with the exception of wear parts. Acceptance date must be posted in writing. The wear parts are defined separately, inspected and become part of the contract after inspection and approval. The prerequisite for this is appropriate preventive maintenance at regular intervals. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding delivery time: This condition determines the delivery time. The specification is given in a duration (days, weeks, months, etc.) and not by means of a fixed date. If the date is known, for example after the order confirmation, it must be entered directly in the order and not as a condition. Specific fields. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding Binding period: The binding period is a term that determines the binding nature of an offer. If, for example, a price increase is aimed at the end of the year, offers in the old year can be provided with a binding period which expires at the end of the year. A commitment period allows the company making the offer to commit itself Specific fields. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding List window: Serves to list the terms and conditions. This is the description of the functionality of the module "condtedt" with the name "Terms and conditions - editing module" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a business requirement.