This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding Description: This module is used to maintain the customer function of a partner object. Customers (debtors) are identified via the menu item 'Partner'-'Customers' or the customer icon is called up. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding Input window: You can select a customer by entering the customer number in the Number field and confirm with RETURN. If you want to call up the customer list, you can either double-click the "Number" field or select the menu item "Search". To create a new business partner, click on 'New' in the opened list. The Customer window opens, in which you can now enter the relevant data. To edit an existing business partner, double click on the corresponding entry in the customer list. The fields in the editing windows are confirmed with the 'Tab' key. At the end all new entries are saved by clicking on 'OK'. However, before creating a new customer, you should first check whether a company entry for this business partner may already exist in the partner administration. If this is the case, you only need to add the role 'Customer' to the existing data record. The number range is determined internally and can be easily set up and managed via the counter. However, the number ranges of customers and vendors must not be identical and must not overlap. Fields marked with "italic" type provide data directly from the company. If something is changed in one of these fields, the change is applied to all roles and the company itself. All this data can also be maintained directly in the company's input window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding List window: This window serves to list the customers. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a customer. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "customer" with the name "Customer modules" regarding Change customers with Wizzard: With this wizard, settings for a group of selected customers can be set or changed in one. The selection of customers can still be changedwhile the wizardis open. The checkboxes in front of the groups "Other", "Customer group", "Sales area", "Price group", "Business field" and "Classification term" can be used to hide or show the data fields. Data fields that are shown are changed in the customers by the Wizzard. These groups are not changed by hiding them.