This is the description of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH": Process description on the subject of advance requirements Functionality Related topics Technical documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding Input window - Advance requirements header: This window is used to maintain the general data ("header data") of a preliminary requirements document. You can select a preliminary requirements document by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with ENTER. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". An advance requirement document must be assigned to a sales order or quotation; in the document history it is a follow-up document. The possibility to create the preliminary requirement with a quotation makes it possible to plan or execute time-critical orders or production orders already in the final phase of the order placement. The calculation is posted directly with the preliminary requirements document. The assignment of the costs to an order is made via the predecessor. If the predecessor is an order directly or via the order which is the successor of the quotation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding Input window - Pre-requirement position: This window is used to maintain preliminary requirement items. If the entry in text fields is terminated with ENTER, the text cursor moves through the fields in the following order Delivery date -> Part -> Quantity -> OK button, or Provision -> OK button It does not make sense to create preliminary requirements for level 0 parts, because the correct sales order item could be created in their place. In the case of constructive assemblies, it is not the constructive assembly itself that must be created as preliminary requirements, but all its subheadings must be created individually as preliminary requirements. The constructional assembly is not a real assembly, i.e. not a final part or component, it merely represents a grouping of parts of a superior assembly which is more clearly arranged for production. Residual quantity management: If a remaining, already planned quantity of an advance requirement item is no longer to be linked, it is possible to create a goods putaway using the open quantity. There is a toolbar button for this in the preliminary requirement item . Furthermore, it is possible to charge off the remaining, not yet allocated quantity at the cost of the cost unit and thus close the advance requirement. To do this, the "Closed" checkbox must be set on the advance requirement item and then a reason for closing must be entered. This tick can only be set if no open MRP transactions created directly for this preliminary requirement (for example, a purchase order for which no goods receipt has yet been provided) are registered in the MRP account. Provided that there are still open MRP movements, these must first be closed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding List window: Used to list the advance requirement documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an advance requirement object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAdvanceDemand" with the name "Advance requirements - AppsWH" regarding Business Pattern: An advance requirement item always has, if not just a warehouse reservation, at least one follow-up line, namely the line that leads to production or to purchasing of this advance requirement item. However, if this preliminary requirement item is now also assigned to one or more requirements because these have called off the preliminary requirement or partial quantities, this preliminary requirement item has further successors, namely these calling-off requirements, which can either be parts planning items or sales order items. If, for example, one wanted to move back from the incoming invoice of a preliminary requirement item assigned to a parts MRP item to a sales order item, then one would have to A) move back from the ER to the preliminary requirement item, then down the other subsequent string to the parts MRP item, and there finally C) up the other preceding string, possibly through an exploded bill of material, to a sales order item.