This is the description of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset": With this module of fixed asset accounting, the fixed assets or assets of a company are managed. The fixed assets of a company include all assets that are intended to serve the business operations on a permanent or long-term basis. The fixed asset accounts of the general ledger of the financial accounting are managed as collective accounts. In order to be able to determine the depreciation within the scope of the inventory on the balance sheet date correctly, a fixed asset accounting is required as subledger.The management of fixed assets also includes posting, for example, as additions, subsequent increases or disposals.Since 01.01.2004 the simplification rule has ceased to apply and newly acquired assets are written off pro rata temporis - to the month.Changes in the book value of an asset are made by means of manually or automatically created postings (e.g. automatic depreciation at the end of a fiscal year):AccessOutletPartial outflowAttribution DepreciationCollective depreciationNormally, the module automatically calculates the depreciation allowed for tax purposes at the end of a current fiscal year. In the case of fixed assets for which the calculation of depreciation is generally very individual (e.g. buildings), you can always enter "individual plan" as the type of depreciation. This is an indication that the annual depreciation should and will always and only be posted manually. In addition, a depreciation posting can be marked as an annual depreciation posting, which also means that the annual depreciation is not calculated automatically. If asset accounting is newly set up, a standardised import interface is available. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain fixed assets. You can select an asset by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. The menu item "Search" takes you to the "List fixed assets" screen of the list window. This screen allows you to search for individual fixed assets by inventory number, search term, G/L account or cost centre and select them by double-clicking. The maintenance of the data is subdivided into general information on the asset, information on tax depreciation and the life of the asset from a tax point of view. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Annex: In the "Asset" tab, all general information about the asset is maintained:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Features: In the "Characteristics" tab, you can add further characteristics data to the asset. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Tax depreciation: The tab "tax depreciation" displays all the data required by the program to calculate the deduction for wear and tear - also called depreciation or amortisation. This data is filled by postings (acquisition, retirement, year-end closing, etc.) In the lower part of the screen, the taxable annual book values and the corresponding posting types are shown in total from the year of acquisition to the disposal of the respective fixed asset. By deleting postings, it may be possible that an annual account remains in the list without posting values. Such annual values can be deleted by means of the right mouse button and selecting the context menu item "Remove empty annual account". Note: you can drag and drop an entry from the list directly into the asset totals list to display the values of a year in detail there. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Curriculum vitae (tax): The "Curriculum Vitae (tax)" tab shows exactly how the asset has developed over the years and how the book value of the asset is made up of the postings made to the asset. Entries in an annual account that has not yet been closed can be edited and changed subsequently by double-clicking with the mouse. New bookings are triggered via the context menu accessible via the right mouse button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Bookings: Changes to the book value of an asset are made through special entries that can be accessed via the main menu or through the context menu accessible in the life window by right-clicking:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Access: An acquisition posting is made on the one hand when an asset is newly included in fixed asset accounting, but also when the acquisition or production costs are subsequently increased (post-capitalisation). Subsequent costs of acquisition can only be those expenses that do not result in a change in the asset originally acquired and which would ultimately have been classified as acquisition costs at the time of acquisition. Accordingly, the value of a post-capitalisation is added to the residual value of the asset in the (original) year of acquisition and depreciated over the remaining useful life. The situation is somewhatdifferent for capital goods for which "no depreciation" is specified as the depreciation type, as these are written off manually (e.g. securities). Here, the date and useful life of later acquisitions (post-capitalisation) is irrelevant for depreciation, as depreciation is calculated and entered manually anyway. For this reason, you enter the actual date of acquisition for such assets in the field Beginning of depreciation (see below) for subsequent acquisitions. If you have made a mistake in the first acquisition posting for an asset (e.g. entered an incorrect A/H date), it is advisable to delete this posting (via the context menu of the postings) AND the resulting annual account (via the right mouse button on the annual account). This also completely resets the tax data of the asset. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Disposal: Fixed assets that are no longer available to the company for use are to be derecognised from fixed asset accounting at their book value. In most cases, assets are not derecognised on the balance sheet date but in the course of a financial year. In this case, depreciation must be carried out pro rata temporis in accordance with tax law. As in the year of acquisition, depreciation may be rounded up to full months. The period between the last balance sheet date and the date of retirement is decisive. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Partial disposal: Subsequent reductions in acquisition or production costs are to be taken into account in the year of reduction as if the reduction had occurred at the beginning of the year. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Attribution: Write-ups are made on the basis of reversals of impairment losses, e.g. if an impairment loss is corrected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Depreciation: With this entry, on the one hand, depreciation and amortisation is carried out for individual planning and, on the other hand, unscheduled depreciation and amortisation is recognised. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Collective depreciation: With this programme selection, depreciation can be carried out for several assets at the same time. The structure of the screen is corresponding, the assets to be depreciated are displayed in the second tab of the window. Fixed assets can be dragged and dropped from the fixed asset list window or from the fixed asset summary list into this list. Depreciation is carried out individually for each asset, i.e. the specified data is posted individually for each asset. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding List window: Serves for the listing of fixed assets. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxAsset" with the name "Asset" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select assets.