This is the description of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document": A document is used to output receipts. It consists of document modules and has other characteristics such as margin settings, document type, name and document number. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Label printing: A distinction is made between two options for label printing: The first option is to print a single label on a continuous printer. In the 'Edit' menu, the document type can be changed to label. The style sheet and the list of blocks are not available in this input window. An OLE object is provided for this purpose, in which the content of the label can be specified (the Word document should be the size of the label). In the application area, a label type can be selected via Type. The second option is to print a label sheet (A4). A label type can be selected via Type in the application area. The label grid must be specified in the module list box (module: label grid) and then modules with the contents can be inserted. When selecting a label raster module, the number of separating columns in a line must be taken into account. This is created manually in the 'configuration.counter' attribute of the document. In example 2 and 3 there are additional cells between the individual cells as separating columns. In order to be able to skip these, it must be known in advance how many are present in a row. If this is not done or is incorrectly specified, the content of the label is written into the separating columns. Example 1: Line without separating columns: configuration.counter = 0 Example 2: Line with one separating column: configuration.counter = 1 Example 3: Line with two separator columns: configuration.counter = 2 The entire contents of the label are placed in one cell at a time. The labels currently available are the address labels and the storage location labels. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding email: This document type is used to define documents sent by e-mail. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Text: This document type is used to define documents that are output as simple text without formatting. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding HTML: This document type is used to define documents that are output in HTML format. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Input window: This window is for maintaining documents. You can select a document by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirm with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding List window: Used to list the document objects. See also Export / Import. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a document object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Document - data exchange: A separate window is available for the data exchange of documents to provide the necessary information. This information includes the following details: - Where is the file that controls the loading of the document or where should it be stored. - Where is the file that controls the loading of the modules or where should it be stored. - In which directory are the Word documents located or from which directory should they be loaded. The groups "Export" and "Import" are shown and hidden depending on the direction of the data exchange (determined by the radio buttons). Only those documents are exported which are also displayed in the list. When importing, you can define in the group how the import of the blocks should be proceeded. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Import: Technical description / import of documents {img type="fileId" fileId="279" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Export: {img fileId="277" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Data Acquisition Wizard: This wizard allows you to set settings for a group of selected documents in one. The selection of documents can still be changed while the wizard is open. The checkboxes in front of the respective groups can be used to show or hide the data fields. Data fields that are shown are changed in the documents by the wizard. These groups are not changed by hiding them. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxDocument" with the name "Document" regarding Import of documents: For the import of documents with document modules are required: Document module description file (contains document module header data such as number, name etc. and the list of submodules; default name component.dat), document description file (contains document header data such as number, name etc. and the list of document modules; default name document.dat) and corresponding pairs (for simple contents) or pair groups (for conditional documents) of the MS-Word files (e.g. 10_1.doc / 10_2.doc for the simple module 10 in two languages or 11_0_1.doc / 11_1_1.doc / 11_0_2.doc / 11_1_2.doc for the conditional module 11 with two conditions in two languages each) Before loading, a query window is used to select what to do with any existing blocks (overwrite, use, cancel). If a document to be imported has the number of an already existing one, the import process is aborted. See also LOAD_DOCUMENT.