This is the description of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly": Installation certificates or passes are the documents that field service technicians fill out to identify their activities. In most cases, the hours worked are reported and any material used can also be reported. The hours worked (and additional arrival, departure or waiting times, as well as surcharges and discounts) are specified more precisely by means of service articles, the material can be specified in the form of sales articles or spare parts (cost-type accounting). An installation certificate is always assigned to the employee who performs the work and can therefore also serve as the basis for an expense report. Through assignment to an order or an order item, the costs incurred are accumulated in the order and project within the scope of the final costing (cost unit accounting). For the purposes of cost centre accounting, the cost centre(s) to be debited can be specified directly; by default, the employee's cost centre is always used first. For a percentage distribution of the costs to different cost centres, the cost distribution on the "Evaluation" tab can be used. After registering the apportioned cost centre costs, this assembly record appears in the assembly cost allocation book. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly" regarding Proof of assembly vs. group of service providers (work certificate): The proof of assembly and the service provider group are in competition with each other. Both are proofs that are created, for example, by the deployment of fitters. However, they differ in the way the costs are allocated. The costs arising from an assembly certificate are not invoiced directly to the customer. This is the case, for example, for service work under warranty. In contrast, groups of service providers are invoiced as part of a customer order using an invoice. In practice, however, choosing the right document to record the costs incurred can be quite difficult. The service provider group, for example, is generated directly when the service call is entered and is also used for capacity planning. It is therefore created before the service technician carries out the service order. If it turns out during installation that the work carried out is to be considered as warranty after all, the wrong document was chosen. ClassiX supports you with this problem by providing an interface between the documents. From the service provider group, for example, an assembly proof can be generated, if it is a warranty after all. The order group is automatically cancelled and thus not invoiced to the customer. In the opposite case, a service provider group can be initialised on the basis of an assembly certificate, if the alleged warranty was a service order after all. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain the header data of an assembly verification object. You can select an assembly verification object by entering the desired number in the "Number" field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The total costs for the installation proof can be divided up proportionally between different cost centres. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly" regarding Position input window: This window is used to maintain the individual items of an assembly certificate. The various time types are recorded here (normal hours, overtime, etc.), the arrivals or departures as mileage allowances and/or the material used in the assembly operation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly" regarding List window: Serves to list the installation proofs. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInstallationCharges" with the name "Proof of assembly" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an assembly proof.