This is the description of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note": This module is used to maintain invoices and credit notes. An invoice is a receipt (document) by which a natural or legal person asks the recipient of a delivery or service to pay the agreed price within a certain time. A credit note is used for settlement in the same way as an invoice for a delivery or service. The credit note is issued by the recipient of the goods or services and not by the supplier.Instructions for printing invoices and credit notes can be found here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Structure of the invoice/credit note: When creating an item-related invoice, the order structure is basically taken over and retained, but shifted down one level, e.g: A credit note can be created from invoice items (item-related) or for an order header (flat rate). When creating an item-related credit note, the invoice structure is basically taken over and retained, e.g: When creating a flat-rate invoice or credit note, a single subgroup is created representing the order header, e.g:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding VAT invoice: As a rule, an invoice is taxed at a single rate. This VAT is determined by the customer or the business transaction and is indicated in the invoice header. In this case, it is easy to calculate the amount of tax as it is calculated on the full net value of the invoice. For account assignment, this means that the entire tax value is posted to the VAT account of the tax key specified in the invoice header. However, this "ideal" calculation is not always applicable. For example, several rates may be applied to the same invoice where an invoice covers both "normal" and reduced-price goods. In this case, part of the goods are taxed at 19% and another part at 7%. In this so-called additional tax calculation, each item can be assigned its own tax rate. This means the following for the entry of the invoice. In the invoice header, the tax rate should be specified which is to be applied to the invoice by default. (for domestic customers this would be 19% VAT). No tax then needs to be specified on the normally taxable items, as the following rule applies. If an item does not have a tax key, the tax defined in the next higher item with a tax applies. Consequently, only the reduced items must be assigned the different tax. If these items are all combined in one group, the tax can also be defined once in the group, as the rule mentioned above is applied again. The consequences of the additional tax calculation are obvious. During account assignment, not only one tax account is addressed, but the number of accounts is equal to the number of tax keys used. In addition, the gross amount results from the addition of the gross amounts of the items and not from the calculation: total net value times tax key of the header. If the invoice has a fixed sum, the resulting tax difference to the real position values is divided proportionally according to the tax values of the positions. This means that an item with a tax of 0% can never have a tax value. The indication of the tax can already be made in the order. When creating the invoice, the tax is then transferred to the corresponding items and groups. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Further processing of invoices/credit notes: As soon as an invoice/credit note is registered, most input fields are blocked. So booking can mean "block the stand that was sent to the customer", if the invoicing looks like this: Create invoice / credit note à print à register. Only when an invoice/credit note is registered, the preceding documents are adjusted accordingly, e.g. business process statuses are forwarded (examples: item-related invoice registered à corresponding delivery note and order items forwarded to "invoiced"; item-related credit note registered à corresponding invoice forwarded to "credited", etc.). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Messages during invoice processing: This window is used to maintain invoices or credit memos. You can select an invoice or credit memo by entering the required number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding List window: Serves to list the invoicing objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an invoicing object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Option window: This window is used to set the options to be applied in invoice processing. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxInvoice" with the name "Invoice or credit note" regarding Document Preferences window: This window is for setting the document settings for invoices. The document settings can be assigned to a user, cost center, client, or partner function, for example. The document presettings of the invoices are not only used when creating an invoice, but also when creating orders and offers. Here the group "Invoice data" is preset with the data defined here.