This is the description of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)": Starting from parts scheduling, the production-specific parts lists selected there - sorted according to production stages - are summarised in so-called gozintographs. The parts request module(business pattern) described here is used to maintain such - automatically created - gozintographs.The task of this module is to be able to carry out a purely logistical material planning in a first step. This is done in six steps:Determination of the disposition type of the partsDetermination of the standard replenishment lead time according to the disposition typeScheduling of the necessary provision of parts Checking the availability of materials Triggering of production orders, purchase requisitions and stock reservations Release of the parts requirementLink with ex ante needs Quantity changeDelete direct successor documents Steps 1, 2 and 3 can be called up and carried out directly and automatically as one process from parts planning. The "standard information" on the procurement type and time from the master information of the parts master is used as the basis. Steps 3 and 4 (planning) may have to be carried out iteratively several times after manually changing the disposition type and/or procurement time of individual parts so that the planned dates can be met. This planning can also be carried out graphically supported by means of a Gantt chart. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Post Calculation: In order to determine which costs have actually been incurred on a cost object (e.g. sales order), all costs ? its follow-on documents must be added up. These are, for example, goods withdrawal slips, BDE deregistrations, incoming invoices etc. Some parts that are required but not planned have no follow-on documents, but must of course still be debited to the sales order. This is done for these parts using the standard quantity specified in the parts list. Only when the parts requisition is released (traffic light on green), all costs of the non-planned parts are allocated to the cost units via the final costing. All further costs arise automatically with the posting of the follow-up document. Disposition types The following disposition types are available for disposition from the parts request: Explanation of the general term "Kanban Kanban is Japanese and means something like "card". It is a practical system of warehouse management in which a card is placed in each box in which parts are managed in the warehouse, under all parts at the bottom of the box. When the box is empty, the card becomes visible. Now the employee who has taken the last part out of the box must take the card and give it to the buyer indicated on the card. Depending on the replacement time of the part, there must then be 2 or more boxes of this part. Every time a box is empty, a new one is ordered. In the time in which the box is ordered but has not yet arrived or is being produced, the remaining boxes are used. 1. determination of the disposition type of the parts Based on the standard logistic identification of a part (in-house production, purchased or externally produced part) and its provision identification (disposable part, stock part, etc.), the type of disposition is automatically determined for each part in the Gozintograph. Thus, for example, non-stock-managed in-house production parts are set to the disposition type "production order", non-stock-managed purchased parts to the disposition type "requirement request" and stock parts to the disposition type "material withdrawal". Material staging indicators such as manual storage part are parts that actually have the MRP type "material withdrawal". However, since such parts are not taken from the warehouse on an order-related basis using material withdrawal slips, and are therefore not "processed", such parts are set to the MRP type "No MRP". Another irregularity is the "special material withdrawal". If a part requisition item is set to special material withdrawal, this requirement does not appear in the MRP account, but the item still has the status warehouse reservation - and can therefore be found via the staging list. These items must also be staged here, but no goods withdrawal documents are created. These parts also appear in the production documents as being to be taken from the warehouse. The determination of the disposition type can either be influenced automatically by separate control systems or changed manually. If, for example, a purchased part that is not normally kept in stock should have a stock (e.g. due to a return delivery from a previous order), the system automatically changes the disposition type from "requirement request" to"material surplus ". The same applies to a production part in stock that may have been "left over" from a previous order. The parts can then be taken directly from the warehouse. Parts requisitions marked with this MRP type appear in the staging list under "Stock reservation". The disposition type defined in a gozintograph - automatically or manually - can therefore be quite different from the "standard" procurement type. The "standard" procurement type determines the generally valid case and is (should) not (be) changed (modified) for specific orders. A gozintograph is used to completely record the fully resolved parts lists of all parts. If a part is located below or within an assembly whose MRP type is "requirement request" or "material withdrawal", then this part or its quantity share - together with all parts of its bill of material - need not be considered further for MRP, as it is already contained in its superior assembly. For such parts, the MRP type is set to "not required". Conversely, if the MRP type of the superior assembly is changed to "production order" (if it is also an in-house produced part), the subordinate parts are automatically taken into account again in the MRP - the quantities (parts) become visible again. The MRP type"No MRP" thus refers to parts that are definitely needed or must be used, but should not be planned. The MRP type"not required", on the other hand, refers to parts that do appear in the combined bill of material but whose superior part is not to be produced (the superior part does not have the MRP type "production order"). The determined or manually defined disposition type is displayed in the column "Disposition". In the next column - if necessary - notes are displayed whether the disposition type could cause problems in the following processing stages. If the check fails, a red warning point is displayed: 2. determination of the standard procurement time according to the disposition type The standard procurement time or also replenishment lead time is taken from the production role for the MRP type "production order" and from the order article role of the part for the MRP type "requirement request". For production parts this is the pure procurement time of the corresponding level (total lead time of the routing only for this production part, not for its assemblies). It is therefore not the total "delivery time" of the part. For parts kept in stock (material withdrawals) a duration of 1 day is entered as standard. In addition to the standard procurement time, it is also possible to have the procurement time determined dynamically. This dynamic determination only affects parts that have received the disposition type "production order". Here it is now checked whether a routing has already been exploded on the possibly already attached production order. If so, the total time of the exploded routing is saved as the lead time for the parts request item. If a routing does not yet exist for the production order, or if no production order has yet been created at all, the total time of the master routing is saved as the lead time for the parts request item. 3. scheduling of the necessary provision of parts Due to the sequence of the production stages and the procurement times of the individual parts, there is a scheduling network of the parts among themselves (order network), which is best represented in the form of a Gantt diagram. In forward scheduling, this collective order starts on a predefined date (the default value is the day of planning itself). In backward scheduling, the delivery date (or the staging date, if available) is used as the starting point. It is not possible to schedule into the past, i.e. even with backward scheduling the delivery or staging date can be postponed to a later date than desired. (A corresponding warning message is automatically issued by the system, the system then automatically schedules forwards!) An influence on the delivery or provision date can be achieved by changing (shortening or extending) the procurement time: this results in an extension or shortening of the entire order network. The starting point of scheduling - e.g. the delivery or provision date in the case of backward scheduling - is first transferred to the collective order as the"latest finish date". If you subtract the procurement time from such a "latest end date", you get a"latest start date". The different lengths of the procurement times within a production stage result in"earliest start dates" for individual parts, which can be earlier than the latest start date. Adding the procurement time to the earliest start date then results in an"earliest finish date" again. In automatic scheduling over a period of time (e.g. "3rd week 2014"), the last working day of the period is set as the latest end in backward scheduling. This results in the latest start. Subsequently, the earliest start is determined from the latest start by deducting the duration of the period and the earliest end is determined on the basis of this. Excursus: The production orders are transferred to capacity planning with their respective earliest and latest completion dates . Automatic (non-graphical) forward scheduling: See the Automatic Terminationsection See also operating calendar and buffer times In the case of requirements from part requirements (departure date), the planned date is made up of the earliest and latest start, which also results in a time span. With the evaluation type "Strict", the earliest date of this time span is always used for the evaluation, with the setting "Medium" exactly the middle and with "Soft" the end of the time span, i.e. there is the least buffer for the real requirement. If planning (e.g. stock replenishment) is always to be carried out with a little air, the setting "Medium" is recommended, which is always set in the standard system. However, if there is little space in the warehouse or if the warehouse budget is always to be kept as low as possible, the setting "Soft" is recommended, whereby planning is always carried out on the actual demand date. Strictly means, therefore, that the goods are always already procured at the earliest possible date and may also lie in the warehouse for some time until they are needed, depending on how large the buffer times of the requirements were. 4. checking the availability of materials Checking material availability on the basis of the earliest or latest date in the parts request. This can be moved forward (with -) or backward by days or weeks. This shift is not calculated in calendar days but in working days, i.e. holidays and weekends are not included. During the check, the subsequent part requirements are normally also taken into account, i.e. parts that are available for the order are also displayed, but are in the red due to other orders. If you select the checkbox "Ignore later requirements", these subsequent part requirements will not be considered! On the one hand, it is possible to check the availability of stocked material on the desired date by checking the respective MRP account. The entries with the unavailable material are displayed selected in the list. On the other hand, material overhangs can be checked: If a part is by default a purchase or production part, but remaining stock (material surplus) from previous orders is still available, these entries of the list are also displayed selected for further checking. As a reaction, the MRP type can be changed, for example, from requirement request to material withdrawal, whereby this part is no longer procured via purchasing, but is instead withdrawn from existing (surplus) stock. These checks can also be graphically supported by means of a Gantt chart. 5. triggering of production orders, purchase requisitions and stock reservations Once the disposition types and dates for all parts have been defined within the gozintograph, the further documents such as production orders, purchase requisitions and stock reservations can be created automatically. 6. release of the parts requirement The release of the parts request blocks it from subsequent modification. A. Link with ex ante requirements If a sales order item is planned and preliminary requirements have been created for it, the following query appears, for example If you press "YES", it means that a remaining quantity still reserved over advance requirements will be withdrawn from this specific sales order, put into stock and thus released for general free disposal. If you press "NO" it means that you still want a remaining reserved quantity to remain available for this sales order and its further future dispositions. In case of doubt, you should therefore answer "NO" here, i.e. leave the reserved quantities with this sales order. B. Change in quantity Double-clicking on the part request item opens the individual disposition. Among other things, the quantity of the part requirement item can be changed there. For this purpose the editing field must be activated with the button next to the quantity specification. The quantity change is also carried out in the exploded parts list (predecessor of the parts requirement item) when saving the individual planning run. If the part requirement item has several predecessors, the system tries to distribute the quantity to all predecessors. This can result in the quantity of a BOM item being set to 0 or being greatly increased. If it is not possible to split the new quantity, a corresponding error message is issued and the quantity change is not saved. C. Deletion of direct follow-on documents(production order, requirement request, warehouse reservation) When deleting direct follow-on documents, the respective identifiers within the part request must be deleted, otherwise direct follow-on documents can no longer be created for the affected items. To remove the identifier, there is the menu item Delete in the parts request under Edit. The various identifiers can be removed with the submenu items below. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Main window: In this window, a parts request (gozintograph) is processed that has arisen from the production parts lists summarised according to production stages within the framework of parts scheduling. The type of display and further processing of the parts request can be controlled via the options. In the main menu the activities related to the whole part request are summarised, functionality related to single selected lines of the part request can be reached by using the buttons or the context menu (right mouse button on a line). Double-clicking on a list entry brings up the maintenance window for a single list entry, an individual scheduling. The column "Work plan" is used for a quick overview of whether there is anything to be considered regarding the work plans for production parts: If neither of the two cases applies to the parts requirement item, the column remains empty. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Option window: Each time the part request window is opened, the options described here are reset to the default settings. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Individual disposition: In this window a single entry of the entire part request is edited. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Dispatching structure: In this view, for a part selected in the list view of the part request, the entire, dispositive structure of the (sub-)parts actually required for this part is displayed. As it is only known after the disposition which parts are actually required, this disposition structure can only be called up after the disposition. Optionally, you can only choose whether you want to display the parts "without MRP". Displayed are the part number, the description, the required quantity, the type of disposition and - in case of multiple use - also the number of parts in which the respective part is used. By double-clicking on an entry within the tree, you can go directly to the corresponding entry in the list view, where you can then also view any multiple use (in the higher-level parts). (If parts are not displayed in the list view, please check the display options). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Cancellation of part requests: By cancelling a requirement trigger document (warehouse order, sales order, advance requirement), the parts requirement must also be cancelled so that the requirement no longer appears in the MRP account. When a part request is cancelled, all successors in the part request are also cancelled, e.g. in the case of production orders, all items belonging to them are cancelled. The following rules apply to cancellations, which are shown here schematically:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Calculation of the remaining quantity in the case of shortfalls in completed storage contracts: If a storage order item is marked as finished before the complete quantity has been put away, the remaining quantities are written into the slot cancelled.quantity, the status of the storage order item goes to "put away". To end a warehouse order item early, a partial quantity must be created via a posted goods receipt. Here, on the one hand, there is the possibility of reporting the warehouse order as finished with a short quantity by ticking "Cancel remaining quantity", on the other hand, there is the possibility of doing the same in the warehouse order item itself via the traffic light. If a partial quantity for a stock order item has been placed into storage and the traffic light is then changed from green to red, the stock order item is not stopped or cancelled, but marked as finished. In both cases, the system branches to a cancellation document. Only after posting this cancellation document is the remaining quantity cancelled and the order status changed to completed or cancelled. Also all Gozinto positions are adjusted and the remaining quantity is written into the slot cancelled.quantity. If several BOMs have been combined when creating the gozintograph, whereby only one BOM item is to be stopped, cancelled or reported finished, then the quantity of the item to be cancelled must be determined proportionately. The following graphic is helpful for this:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Subsequent conversion of the disposition type: If, for example, a part originally planned as an order part is to be converted to a production order after the parts requisition has been released, existing production orders, material withdrawals and purchase requisitions may change. For this reason, the conversion of a scheduled parts request item is not quite simple. First of all, it should be checked whether existing parts request items are changed/added by the changeover. This is done via the context menu of the list. - The entry to be changed over is marked in the parts request and the context menu is opened with the right mouse button. - A result window appears, which contains all newly added or existing changing parts request items. It shows the original and the newly determined quantity, as well as the statuses before and after the simulated changeover. In this way, it is possible to check in advance which further changes are to be expected: The tested position previously selected in the list appears as the topmost position as the entry object. If a previously "sleeping" part request item (old status "Not required") is now required,"New part request item" appears in the first column on the left. If the part requisition item already existed,"Changed part requisition item" appears here. If no existing parts requisition items with an MRP type material withdrawal, purchase requisition or production order have been changed, the item can be converted without hesitation. So in the example above you don't see any critical changes either, the only changed parts requirement items were and are set to "No disposition". The box"Hide unneeded" controls whether or not the "sleeping" part request positions that are not needed even after the simulated changeover are also displayed. However, if parts request items that have already been processed are changed, further quantity changes are necessary. This may require contacting the schedulers of existing purchase requisitions in order to adjust the quantity to be ordered and to coordinate the quantities and dates with the supplier. For production orders, existing production papers must be collected and reprinted. These scenarios are not yet implemented in ClassiX®, the changeover is aborted by an error message. - More about this later If the disposition type is changed now, exactly the part requirements are created which were previously already visible in the preview window. At present, only a subsequent change from purchase requisition to production order is supported. Now, the new parts request items have not yet been scheduled, which must be done manually via graphic scheduling. Before that, the lead times of the new parts request items should be reset. This is currently done automatically when switching the disposition type. If the final dates are correct again after the adjustment, the project is updated via the menu "Edit"-"Update project" and the dates are written back. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Overhangs and splitting: If a quantity of a standard MRP part is still available in a warehouse because, for example, the requirement of an original requirement trigger has been reduced or cancelled completely, this warehouse quantity (the so-called overhang quantity, see also " Check material overhangs" in the Gantt chart for part requirements) should be used up as quickly as possible. Overhangs can also occur when a part that was initially in stock is converted to "dispositive": any quantities still in stock at this time are then also treated as overhangs by the system. ClassiX® offers the functionality to consider surplus quantities already when creating the gozintograph. For this purpose, an option "Automatically consume surplus quantities" is available in all option windows for creating a gozintograph. If this option is set, an additional - initially still unposted - stock reallocation document is immediately created for each recognised surplus quantity when the MRP type is determined. This document serves as an identifier for the reservation of the surplus quantity for the order(s) processed in the gozintograph. The stock quantity is not actually reserved for the processed order(s) until the stock reset document is posted. This booking is triggered either manually by the user or by further processing of the gozintograph (e.g. by executing "Create first purchase requisition" in the case of excess quantities of purchase requisitions). The booking fails if another user has already used these surplus quantities while processing the gozintograph. If an excess quantity is recognised and booked for a production order, all - secondary - part requirements subordinate to this production order are automatically reduced by the corresponding quantity. If, for example, 1000 screws are needed for a production order of 100 pieces, but 20 pieces are withdrawn from stock as surplus quantity, the withdrawal quantity of the screws is automatically reduced to 800 pieces. The quantity of screws that is now no longer required (200 pieces) is marked as a cancelled quantity in the parts requisition item of the screws (during final posting, see above). If excess quantities are taken into account for parts requisition items (production order or purchase requisition), this has no effect on the scheduling (e.g. in the Gantt chart) of the corresponding parts requisition items: it is assumed that the respective excess quantity is available "immediately", the lead time of the parts requisition item is only based on the "main MRP", i.e. the lead time of the production or order part. This splitting (of parts dispositions) can not only take place automatically in the case of surplus quantities, but can also be triggered manually in the gozintograph via the menu selection "secondary disposition". For example, in the event of bottlenecks in production, a partial quantity can be ordered or, conversely, in the event of a supplier's delivery bottlenecks, a partial quantity can be produced by the supplier. In the latter case, however - due to secondary dispositions - the main disposition must be the production order, with the purchase requisition as secondary disposition. Which additional disposition can I create for which main disposition? To illustrate this, the following table: This table shows all types of ancillary planning. A few examples and an explanation are provided for clarification: In the left column you can read which main disposition type is on the part request item. In the columns to the right you can read off in the respective line which secondary MRP type can be created. It becomes clear that no auxiliary MRP "production order" can be created for any main MRP, only a purchase requisition and/or a stock reserve document can be created as auxiliary MRP. Since - as already explained above - the scheduling of a stock return document is irrelevant, only the secondary dispositions that are purchase requisitions (replenishment lead times) need to be taken into account additionally when scheduling a collective order. As can be seen from the table above, this only applies to the main disposition "production order" and "material withdrawal":. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Rescheduling: See also calendar of operations A parts request that has already been started can be rescheduled in the same way as a parts request that has not yet been started. Please note that before any change is made, the approval of the parts request must be cancelled (set the traffic light to red)! To do this, select from the menu "Edit - Scheduling - Graphic - Rescheduling" or "Edit - Scheduling - Graphic - Backward / forward scheduling" and reschedule the part request. After scheduling, all follow-on documents that may exist for the individual part request items must be checked to see if the dates still fit, because during rescheduling, the dates of the follow-on documents (production order / requirement request) are not automatically adjusted. In order to know which parts requirement items have changed after rescheduling, a list is opened after "Update project" in the graphical scheduling, which shows all changed parts requirement items. This window can also be opened again at any time after closing it via the menu item"Edit - Check - Changed dates". If the dates are now to be transferred to the subsequent documents, select the respective entry from the list and open the context menu with the right mouse button. Here there is the entry "Copy appointments to follow-on documents". The latest end of the part request item is taken over as date for the follow-on documents. Please note that the work sequences are only adjusted to the end date (the work sequences are postponed by the same number of working days as the end date of the part request has been postponed)! If the duration of a production order has been changed via graphic scheduling, the routing is not automatically extended as well! This must be done manually afterwards! (The system cannot know which work sequence now takes longer or which work sequence has been added!) Material withdrawals whose dates have changed are ignored when the list of changed dates is reopened. Material withdrawals do not have a follow-on document and therefore do not need to be handled separately. When this list is opened automatically for the first time, directly after rescheduling from the graphical view, these material withdrawals appear additionally in the list, since at this point in time all changed part requisition dates are generally displayed here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Changing the processing time: With this dialogue it is possible to increase the total cycle time for the gozintograph and to distribute this as a percentage to the cycle times of the parts on the individual positions of the gozintograph. However, the lead times of individual work sequences of the production orders do not change, only the earliest start date and finish date are changed. This gives the individual cost centres/workstations more time to process the order and can thus avoid peaks. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Self-provision: If, for example, a "brick lining" service is ordered from a supplier, in which this supplier is to install something in a finished assembly (brick lining), the assembly must be built to schedule before the brick lining is ordered. So from the parts list it must look like this: Order part "brick lining" has the following parts list entries in its production role: Sub-assembly A must be provided to the supplier in order to enable the supplier to perform the ordered service. Sub-assembly B is provided by the supplier himself. In the parts request, there is therefore the brick lining with the procurement type "purchase requisition". Now, however, a production order must be created below this purchase requisition so that the assembly is executed before the brickwork is ordered: There are two ways to do this: For information on the further course of the self-provision, see here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding List window: Serves to list or search for part requirements (Gozintographs). All transaction types that exist in the ClassiX® system can be dragged into the list with the mouse. If there is a follow-up parts requisition for the item dragged into the list, or for one of its sub-items, these are displayed in the list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select part requests (Gozintographs). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Automatic scheduling: The automatic scheduling offers the possibility to schedule the entire part requirement either from a start date forward or from an end date backward fully automatically. This type of scheduling simulates the resulting work sequences, if they have not already been resolved, and plans them into the actual utilisation of resources to identify bottlenecks. Furthermore, in the automatic scheduling window it can be checked whether parts are/will be available on the specified date. Bottlenecks (material or capacity) are pointed out, or they are automatically bypassed by scheduling shifts. It is also possible to clear up the remaining bottlenecks later in the manual graphical scheduling. There are two possibilities to circumvent the bottlenecks, or workplace-specific holidays or insufficient capacity: The set scheduling options are saved on the part request item (seamless scheduling and avoid bottlenecks). If another work sequence is subsequently inserted into a production order, it is scheduled with the same settings as the entire parts requirement before it. Note: The operating calendars of the individual workstations or production areas are taken into account for scheduling. For example, it is possible to schedule the welding shop fully in the first calendar week of the year, with all other production areas being free at this time. After automatic scheduling, a message will appear to indicate whether the planned delivery date could be met, and information on capacity and material bottlenecks will also appear in the list in the scheduling window. More about rescheduling and the general scheduling of the necessary provision of parts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding Required capacity: This window provides an overview of all required workstation resources in the respective calendar weeks. Even if routings or production orders have not yet been exploded, the system simulates the requirements and adds them to the actual current requirements. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxItemDemand" with the name "Parts requirement (Gozintograph)" regarding preConstraints-postConstraints Connections of the part requirement items to each other: The connection in a part request of the positions among each other still below (to dispose before me) and above (will be produced with me after me) is done by the connection preConstraints (before me) and postConstraints (after me). This connection makes it very easy to determine for which part requirement item a different part requirement item is needed. No need to go through the complicated BOM predecessor item. If a part requirement item is to be cancelled, all part requirement items to be scheduled before this item must also be adjusted in the correct quantity ratio (or cancelled if cancelled item is the only predecessor) - these can now be determined very easily. If a part is required at several points in the parts list across several production levels, it always appears at the lowest level in the parts request, since these are planned first (it is double-wired by postConstraints!). Example: A blower to be manufactured in-house is to be installed in a switch cabinet. M6 screws are required for both the control cabinet and the blower (they are present in both parts lists). So the parts lists look like this: Switch cabinet: blower: A total of 70 M6 screws are therefore required. In the part request, identical parts are grouped together (e.g. so that the same production order is not created 3 times for the same part). Therefore it is now necessary to procure the screws in their entire quantity at the earliest required date, i.e. at the time the fan is manufactured. The part request item appears with the highest required level and will be scheduled as early as possible. Technically, the parts requirement position of the M6 screw is now connected to 2 postConstraints, namely that of the blower and that of the control cabinet. If the blower is now cancelled via the parts list, the parts requirement position of the screws is reduced in quantity and moved directly below the level of the control cabinet.