This is the description of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary": This module serves to maintain any multilingual vocabulary and is part of the multilingual dictionary in ClassiX®. It can record words or whole sentences (e.g. idioms) - so-called phrases - in any language. At the same time, the corresponding translations into other languages can be maintained. Since a word of a language can have several meanings at the same time, each word is directly assigned to one or more meanings, which - each meaning on its own - are or can be assigned to other words of other languages. Additional information about a word - such as part of speech (noun, verb, adjective, etc.), numerus (singular, plural, plural noun, etc.), case, genus, etc. allow a word to be output with all its properties by means of the grammar rules for the individual languages stored in the module: for nouns, for example, with the definite article, the singular and plural form, as well as its declension. The number and type of languages is set in the system settings; by default, the languages German, English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Dutch, Swedish, Danish and Russian are stored in the dictionary. A built-in repetitor helps to learn words of any language. The representation of characters on Windows platforms - with a German language environment - is carried out using code page 1252. It allows words of almost all Western European languages to be recorded. In addition, the character set language in ClassiX can be changed to display characters from other languages, such as Cyrillic, Arabic, etc. (MSFonts).(MSFonts). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain words in any language. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding Tutor: The functionality of this mask corresponds to that of a vocabulary trainer:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding Presets: This is where the default settings for the initial acquisition of words, as well as for the learning options, are made. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding List window: This window lists the words stored in the vocabulary. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select words. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPhrase" with the name "Vocabulary" regarding Search option window: All settings can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.