This is the description of the module "cxPurchaseReturn" with the name "Return receipt": Return documents can be created to return goods to suppliers. However, they are only used after the goods receipt PO has created a goods receipt document. Return documents are not created if the goods are rejected at goods receipt.In order to be able to carry out a supplier evaluation, several defect reasons can be given per item of a return document why the goods are returned in quantity(QS defects).In addition, it can be indicated on the return item how and whether a new delivery is to be made at all(instruction): Return for rework Return for new production Cancellation When a return document is created, the quantity is determined as follows: The delivery note quantity on the return item is the quantity originally stored on the goods receipt. This quantity cannot be changed here. The recorded return quantity also reduces the open QA quantity of the goods receipt if the part has been marked as a QA part.QS part: Open QA quantity can be returned and is entered as a default quantity in the return document when it is created. When saving, however, you also have the option of returning the entire quantity already released by QA that has neither been provided, returned or put into storage.Non-QS part: The goods receipt quantity is reduced by the quantity already provided, the quantity put away and any quantity already sent back. The quantity left over here is transferred to the return document as a proposal. The suggested quantity can no longer be increased for non-QA parts.Goods receipts can only be sent back by return document if this goods receipt has not yet been completely prepared. It is therefore the responsibility of the goods receipt department to create these return documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPurchaseReturn" with the name "Return receipt" regarding Input window: This window is for maintaining return documents. You can select a return document by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". New return documents must be posted in order to trigger a transaction. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPurchaseReturn" with the name "Return receipt" regarding List window: Used to list return documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxPurchaseReturn" with the name "Return receipt" regarding Selection window: This window is for selecting a return document.