This is the description of the module "cxReceivingItem" with the name "Goods receipt item": Items of the goods receipt slips. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReceivingItem" with the name "Goods receipt item" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain individual goods receipt items. The goods receipt should be compared with the purchase orders as soon as possible. You can use the 'Order' button to select orders and drag & drop the delivered order items into the window (select the line and hold down the left mouse button) or assign any part from the parts master using the 'Edit - Select part' menu item. If you have selected several order items, a separate goods receipt item is automatically created for each order item. Note: If no selection entry is made in the list Order item (all), all order items are read into the list. Depending on the specification, this means that all order items that have existed since the system was started are loaded into the list. This process takes a lot of time and should therefore be avoided. Goods receipts that cannot be immediately assigned to an order item should be given a corresponding comment in the Description field. (The field "Part" is hidden for such items.) Another employee can then more easily make this assignment later. These goods receipts can be found with the function "Unclear goods receipt" in the stock menu. Apart from "Unclear goods receipts", goods receipt items always refer to a delivery schedule line item. Thus information such as the part is only displayed and cannot be changed. Please note that the quantities ordered for own consumption - i.e. for a specific cost centre - are not shown on the warehouse account in the total "In Goods Receipt" or "In QA", as this ordered quantity is not intended for general "dispositive" consumption, but only for the specified cost centre! Labels can be printed for goods receipt items via the goods receipt header document. See the description of label printing. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReceivingItem" with the name "Goods receipt item" regarding List window: Used to list the goods receipt items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxReceivingItem" with the name "Goods receipt item" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a goods receipt item.