This is the description of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords": The central element in the structuring or classification of master data are classification terms, which can also be called structures. With this app, you can visually structure (order) any business objects such as parts (into parts classes), articles (into statistics groups), customers (into sales areas) or financial accounting accounts (into balance sheet and P&L frames). All business objects can be assigned to any classification terms as often as desired. As an example a simple classification for parts according to part classes is shown here: Once such a structure tree has been defined, any business objects can be assigned to a "branch" or "structure node" by "drag & drop". Business objects can also be assigned several times to different "branches/nodes" of the same tree.Order terms can and should also be used for temporary actions: e.g. the compilation of different customers into mailing campaigns. Objects namely, which are ordered in a branch/node, can conversely now be inserted as a complete group into other applications by "drag&drop". For example, individual customer groups can be assigned to a transaction document with a specific cover letter in one and processed as a form letter. The structuring is done by assigning the master data to individual nodes in the structure tree, so in the example individual customer types are assigned to the customers. The classification terms can now in turn be assigned properties, so a customer group can be assigned to each customer type. (In the example of the customer group, conditions (discounts, surcharges, warranties, ) can be assigned to a group of customers.). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Structuring and categorisation of data: Further examples: - Article groups -> Sales statistics groups: Definition of cost type and article group discounts - Vendor type -> vendor group: definition of vendor conditions. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Automatic structuring of data: The typical structuring of data is done via the classification terms and their structure accounts. The assignment of the - usually - master data is done manually via the respective editing mask of the master data or by assignment via drag&drop via the tree display of the classification term. Structure status accounts can also be used for automatic structuring. In this case, the structure status nodes of the evaluation group are provided with a transition condition as they are also used in the business processes. Through this, the structure node is determined automatically if the structured master data objects change. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Input window Order key: This window is used to maintain keywords. You can select an evaluation group by double-clicking on the desired evaluation group in the list window or by pressing the "Edit" button. From the input window, the list window can be opened with the menu item "Search". In order to insert business objects into the structure of a created classification key, they are simply dragged from another window, e.g. "Cost types" or "Articles", to the desired position in the structure using drag&drop. To insert a sub-folder or to edit it and the underlying structure, select the corresponding sub-folder and choose the item "Sub-folder" from the "Edit" menu (you can also get this functionality by right-clicking on a sub-folder): you can choose between inserting a new sub-folder below the selected item or deleting the selected sub-folder or removing one in the business object from a sub-folder. With very large structure trees it is often very tedious to move subfolders within the tree. Therefore, by selecting "Move subfolders" in a new window you can directly select the position to which the selected subfolder should be moved. With "Expand subfolders" a subfolder is also deleted from the structure tree, but the contents of this subfolder (together with any other subfolders) are moved to the next higher node. Remark: The menu for editing "subfolders" can also be obtained by right-clicking on the node to be edited. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Subfolder (default) input window: This window is used to maintain the subfolders (branches/nodes) of a classification term. Certain order terms (e.g. "CONTINOUS_STOCKTAKING" for dividing storage bins for permanent inventory) can have their own window definitions (see here). This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Subfolder input window (perpetual inventory): This window is used to maintain the subfolders (branches/nodes) of the special order term ("CONTINOUS_STOCKTAKING") for dividing storage bins for perpetual inventory. The difference to a standard sub folder is that no characteristics can be maintained and that a list of the inventories that have been carried out for this storage bin node is listed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding List window: The list window is used to list the classification terms. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an order term. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Parts analysis window: Window, which displays in a list the marked structure and all its substructures with the number of valid variants, substructures and individual parts. It also shows for the individual parts and sub-parts how many of them have not been moved for 36 months. The evaluation can be copied to the clipboard via the toolbar button and thus exported to Excel, for example. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding Copy structure: This window is used to specify the options for copying an entire folder or a node. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding App name: structureEdit.app. This is the description of the functionality of the module "cxStructure" with the name "Keywords" regarding App name: structureSelect.app.