This is the description of the module "dataConnectorImport" with the name "Data Connectors Import": This window is used to compare and import data connectors. Basically a data connector can be loaded from a file and compared with a data connector from the database. All differences are displayed and it can be selected which data should be taken over during import. The comparison and import of a data connector takes place in the following steps: Load data connector from file Compare data connector and select data for import Import data connector In principle, several data connectors can be loaded and compared in parallel. You can always switch between the simultaneously loaded data connectors via the combo box File. However, not too many data connectors should be compared at once, because with each comparison many transient objects must be created and kept in memory during the comparison. This slows down the system in case of very many simultaneous comparisons. If all data connectors are to be taken over at once and without any changes, it is recommended to use the menu item Automatic Import, which processes all files in a way that saves memory. In the following, the individual steps of a comparison and import are described. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dataConnectorImport" with the name "Data Connectors Import" regarding Load data connector from file: If you click on the button with the three dots to the right of the Combox File, a dialogue opens to select the file with the data connector. Several files can be selected at the same time. As soon as a file is selected, it is loaded and compared directly with the corresponding data connector in the database. The data connector is searched for using the identifier. The two data connectors are specified as source (file) and destination (database) below the file. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dataConnectorImport" with the name "Data Connectors Import" regarding Compare data connector and select data for import: Once the file has been loaded and the data connector from the file is compared with the one from the database, the result of the comparison is displayed in the Changes group. In the list on the left side all objects and their connections are displayed, on the right side all data fields of the object selected in the left list are displayed. The symbol in each case indicates which action is performed when the data connector is accepted. A blue tick means that nothing is changed, a green tick indicates that the value in the database is overwritten, a green plus indicates that an object is added and a red cross indicates that an object is deleted. While the action in the list on the right hand side only applies to exactly this data field, in the list on the left hand side it means that a corresponding action applies to any data field below this object. Using the context menu on one of the two lists, you can select on the left for an entire branch or on the right for a single data field whether or not the changes are to be transferred to the database. The symbols in the lists are updated immediately. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dataConnectorImport" with the name "Data Connectors Import" regarding Import data connector: Once all the changes to be made in the database have been selected, these changes can be saved in the database by clicking the Apply button. If changes have been selected for several data connectors, all of them can be saved in the database at once with Apply All. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dataConnectorImport" with the name "Data Connectors Import" regarding Import window: This window is used to synchronise and import data connectors.