This is the description of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note": In this module, delivery notes can be recorded and further processed.Instructions for printing delivery notes can be found here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Creation of delivery notes: Delivery notes can be created for order items, incoming goods, stock removal and stock orders. To create a delivery note for one of these predecessors, open a new delivery note, save it, switch to the "Items" tab and drag the predecessors into the list. A delivery note item is immediately created for all predecessors. Here the part and the quantity are automatically taken over. It is also possible to create a free delivery note item. To do this, press the "Create" button in the "Positions" tab and select the menu item "Delivery note position". Now you have the possibility to create all data freely, like quantity, part and predecessor. All the above-mentioned previous documents can now be dragged back into the previous field. If no quantity has been entered or no part has been selected, the data of the predecessor are taken over. If data has already been entered, it will not be overwritten. Control of recipient / conditions: A delivery note can only be (automatically) extended if the recipient set in the delivery note header matches that of the order. Please note that order groups can also have a different recipient. If the latter is the case, the group can only be drawn into a delivery note individually. In order to prevent errors/discrepancies, the delivery notes are not automatically divided in the above case. Since the delivery conditions can also differ on the order groups, the same rule applies here as for the recipient. Each delivery condition can only be used once per delivery note, otherwise an error is reported. If an order group has a condition that has not yet been used in the delivery note header, this condition is copied into the delivery note. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Types of delivery notes: There are basically 2 different types of delivery notes: The head type depends on the delivery note item types. So if a delivery note only consists of service items, the delivery note becomes the delivery confirmation. If there is a part in between, it remains an ordinary delivery note. A delivery confirmation assumes other conditions than a delivery note. The delivery confirmation first enters the status "In Acceptance" and is "completed" by manual intervention. The print forms differ here between "In acceptance" and "Accepted". It is also possible to book the delivery note as a removal from stock, if the corresponding option "direct delivery" is set and the part of the delivery note item is kept in stock. In this case, the delivery note also provides the order quantity so that no further stock removal needs to be created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Business process of delivery notes: How the delivery note fits into the overall shipping process can be found here , a description of the delivery process can be seen here. To describe the processing status of the delivery note there are three relevant states. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Subsequent deliveries: Delivery notes can also be used for internal subsequent deliveries: Example: If, for example, an order item has been delivered completely, but a subpart of this order item is broken on the construction site through the fault of the company's own employees and is to be delivered subsequently, a retrieval can simply be created with the order item as the predecessor and then a delivery note can be created for this retrieval and the goods sent afterwards. If a delivery note has been created for an entire order group and after a while it is discovered that parts belonging to this order group were inadvertently not sent after all, another delivery note can be created for these straggler items. This will then no longer change the delivery status of the order item. For this purpose, a new delivery note must be created and the order item must be dragged directly into this delivery note again or selected. A query is made as to whether the item, which has obviously already been completely delivered, should nevertheless be included in the delivery note. If this question is answered with YES, such a subsequent delivery note is created. This subsequent delivery note is placed at the end of the preceding delivery note in the document chain, i.e. it is not directly attached to the order item but to the preceding delivery note. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Delivery note as removal from storage: If a delivery note was created as a direct successor of an interim storage document, it also serves to remove the temporarily stored quantity from the interim storage again. In these cases the delivery note even appears in the warehouse statistics. It is also possible to book the delivery note as a removal from storage. If this option "direct stock removal" is set on the delivery note header under the area "Conditions", the system checks for each new delivery note item whether the part of the delivery note that has been resolved from the attributes is stock managed and, in the case of an existing order item as predecessor, whether the disposition status is "stock reservation". If so, the check mark "Direct removal from stock" is also set on the delivery note item and the stock level is adjusted when the delivery note is posted. The delivery note also increases the staged quantity of the order and is posted in the final costing. In the final costing, a delivery note is valued like a removal from stock. In this case, the delivery note also provides the order quantity so that no further stock removal needs to be created. For more information on interim storage, see its module description. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding List window: Serves to list the delivery notes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a delivery note. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Document presets: This window is for setting the document settings for delivery notes. The document settings can be assigned to a user, a cost center, a client, or a partner function, for example. The document presettings of the delivery note are not only used when creating the delivery note, but also when creating orders and offers. Here the group "delivery note data" is preset with the data defined here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "delinote" with the name "Delivery note" regarding Option window: Delivery note-specific settings can be made and saved here. The window can only be closed via the "OK" button.