This is the description of the module "dnpycus" with the name "Customer down payment request": (see also: Business process "Down payments") Particularly in the case of contracts for work and services in the capital goods and plant construction sectors, it makes sense to demand advance payments as a guarantee for the fulfilment of the contract or as short or medium-term financing. This loan, which is granted interest-free by the debtor, is agreed upon in the order confirmation via the instalment payment conditions. This payment can now be requested by the customer via the down payment request module in accordance with ยง 632a BGB. If the customer does not comply with these down payments, he can be reminded together with his open items. The down payment request document is not an accounting document but only a memorandum item which reminds you of a down payment to be made. Therefore, the down payment requests in the customer open items represent a separate heading which does not change the balance. As the down payment represents a provisional payment for the entire work performance, it is to be offset against the final invoice. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dnpycus" with the name "Customer down payment request" regarding Functionality: On the one hand, down payments can be entered manually via the empty processing mask. For this purpose, the order for which the payment is to be requested must be selected and the corresponding data set. On the other hand, the down payment request can also be entered directly from the payment plan of the customer order. This method has the advantage that all relevant data is set automatically. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dnpycus" with the name "Customer down payment request" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain customer down payment requests. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dnpycus" with the name "Customer down payment request" regarding List window: This window serves to list the down payment requests customer. This is the description of the functionality of the module "dnpycus" with the name "Customer down payment request" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a customer down payment request.