This is the description of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting": Documents can be posted in financial accounting either manually or via interfaces (e.g. outgoing invoice journal, incoming invoice journal, cash journal). With this module, the bookings can be listed and, to a limited extent, changes can also be made subsequently in cost accounting (cost types, cost centres and cost objects). The journal output can be structured or unstructured. The latter case of journal output serves in particular as an interface for the output of bookings for other systems (e.g. according to the GDPdU standard (IDEA)). This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Journal selection: This window is used to select the documents entered in Financial Accounting. It is divided into the specification of selection criteria regarding the document selection and extended specifications regarding the display of the selected documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Document selection: This window is used to define the selection criteria in relation to the specifications in the document header. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Extended: In this window, you can enter additional information on the output of the documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Journal (structured): This window is used for the structured listing of documents in financial accounting. The columns can therefore not be sorted - in contrast to the unstructured form. You can branch from the journal via the context menu (right mouse button) to the accounts specified in the respective posting lines and subsequently change the posting text or the cost account assignment. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Journal (unstructured): This window is used for the unstructured listing of documents in financial accounting. In contrast to the "structured" form of listing, you can sort by column here. Postings of a document can be identified by the same meter number (last column). This form of journal output serves in particular as an interface for the output of bookings for other systems (e.g. according to the GDPdU standard (IDEA)). This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Account balances: Use this window to list the account balances of the selected documents from the unstructured list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Export of files according to the GDPdU standard (IDEA): If the issue of the journal is selected in unstructured form, the listed journal records can be issued in GDPdU Standard (IDEA) format for auditing purposes by the tax offices of the Federal Republic of Germany. The files in a freely selectable directory. The character code of the files is UTF8 (Unicode). Fields File "Chart of accounts.txt" of the G/L chart of accounts Fields File "journal.txt" of the journal If the output option "Personal bookings" has been selected for the extended journal selection in the unstructured display, the open item bookings are also written to the file. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Editing cost accounts: Use this window to change the cost element, cost center, and cost object or sales order of a posting. Please note that no log is created for this type of change. To change the cost accounts of a document that has already been posted, it is recommended to access the module of cost and activity postings via the context menu in the journal. This is the description of the functionality of the module "finajour" with the name "Journal Financial Accounting" regarding Edit booking text: In this window, you can edit the transaction text of the transaction row selected in the journal. Please note that this type of change does not create a log.