This is the description of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules": Calculation rules, which do not exist as part of a program but as data generated and managed by the user, are represented in the ClassiX® system by objects of class CX_FORMULA. general overview Variable of a formula Constants Operators, arithmetic functions special functions within a formula expression InstantView® and class CX_FORMULA Examples Before a formula can be calculated, values must be assigned to the variables occurring in the formula. This is done automatically with the objects previously registered in the PlugSpace. The variables occurring in a formula can themselves represent a formula or a condition table (object CX_CONDITIONED_BAG). The formula object can determine which variables it needs for the calculation (also in case of a formula in the formula etc.). The module Test Formula constructs a window for the input of variable values. For this purpose an object of the class CX_CONTAINER is used - an object whose only function is to hold any dynamic data fields. The result of a formula calculation can be a value - in case of an arithmetic expression - or TRUE/FALSE as the result of a logical expression. A formula ending with ; will not return a value. Attention: - The formula only calculates when the formula is ended / completed. - Value assignments to external variables are only executed when the formula is ended. This is the description of the functionality of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules" regarding Special features for use in conditional tables: Attention: If a variable definition (local a;) is present in the condition for conditional tables, no column may be inserted in the table, since the columns are evaluated before the rest of the condition and thus a separation by a semicolon would occur in the middle of the condition! In this case the following message is displayed when leaving the line: Operand expected! Attention: If columns are defined in a conditional table and the additional condition contains an OR link, then the entire additional condition must be placed in brackets, otherwise the preceding condition columns are ignored if the OR area is true! Example: (rF="right rising"|rF="left falling"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain calculation formulas. You can select a calculation formula by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Via the menu item 'Basic data - Calculation formulas' you reach the corresponding search window, in which all current calculation formulas are displayed. Double-clicking on one of the entries opens the 'Calculation formula' window and you can edit the entry. With OK you save the changes. With 'New' it is possible to create a new formula. Enter a consecutive number or a term in the field 'No.' and select a meaningful name for the field 'Name'. In the field 'Formula' you can now enter a formula that the system should convert. You can then use the 'Edit - Test formula' item to test whether the formula is implemented correctly. With OK you save your entries. This is the description of the functionality of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules" regarding Editor window: This window is used for the structured maintenance of a formula using a special XML control. This is the description of the functionality of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a calculation formula. This is the description of the functionality of the module "formula" with the name "Calculation formula - Rules" regarding Examples: The prepared examples use the following variables:.