This is the description of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)": With this module a gozintograph can be edited interactively in the form of a Gantt chart. Here, the start and end dates and the procurement or throughput times can be changed graphically. These changes take place on a copy of the collective order to be able to carry out simulations or "if-then" situations. A check for material availability and feasibility (Available to promise / Capable to promise ATP/CTP) is also possible here (see checks) The scheduling mode (Schedule/Reschedule, Forward/Reverse) is displayed on the right above the graph. By displaying the critical path, it is possible to filter out the parts determining the end date and to process them directly. Only the shortening of lead times along the critical path has a direct effect on the end date. The gozintograph can be called for non-scheduled part requests, for already scheduled part requests with non-scheduled latecomers or for rescheduling a scheduled part request. Scheduled part requirement items are transferred to the Gantt chart for recalculation of the dates frozen with regard to the earliest start date (start no earlier than) and the latest end date (end no later than) when the graphical forward or backward scheduling is called up from the part requirement module. Only in case of a call via the menu item rescheduling, the dates are released - only for not (even partially) provided part requests. The calculated or manually changed dates and procurement or lead times can then be transferred back to the actual collective order (update project). This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Forward scheduling: In forward scheduling, the system plans from an earliest start date into the "future". By default, the current session date is set as the earliest start date. A change is possible by calling up forward scheduling again. Please also note the scheduling via work sequences. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Backward scheduling: In backward scheduling, planning is carried out starting from a fixed end date in the "past". It is quite possible that a calculated start is before the session date of the processing, in which case a warning message is issued. By default, the latest end date is the planned date specified in the parts request (delivery, staging or production date), a change is possible by calling backward scheduling again. Please also note the scheduling via work sequences. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Rescheduling: When rescheduling a part request, by default, all part requests that are not (even partially) provided will start a forward schedule starting from the current session date. This means, for example, that material withdrawals are (can be) always rescheduled - if they have not yet been withdrawn. If, however, an order with a desired or already confirmed date is available for an order part, then this date will be permanently included in the planning as the - initially unchangeable - earliest and simultaneously latest end date. The same applies to production parts whose production has already started: the original dates are taken over into the planning as fixed dates (start not earlier than, end not later than). Graphically, these fixed end points can be recognised by a green triangle to the right (start no earlier than) and to the left (end no later than). Thus, order and production parts can initially only be rescheduled if the corresponding business processes have not yet progressed "too far". These restrictions can be overcome in the planning process by deleting the respective fields "Start no earlier than" and "End no later than": right mouse click on a bar element in the graphic, then select "Edit data", then select the two fields one after the other and delete them with the "Del" key. Only in rescheduling mode can changed finish dates be transferred to a parts request, the departments concerned (Purchasing: Notification of suppliers/production: Rescheduling at workstations) must be informed separately that a changed deadline situation has occurred. After a rescheduling in the graphic, the system checks whether the dates of the subsequent documents (orders, exploded work plans) are still within the new date (from - to). If a follow-on document is no longer within this time frame, a list of all these items appears with the note that the follow-on documents must be rescheduled. For more details see here. The start date can be adjusted to start later than the current session date, or it can be switched to reverse scheduling mode Please also note the scheduling via work sequences. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Capacity planning: There is also the possibility of dividing the production order blocks into work sequences for parts requirements. For this purpose, the Toobarbutton Capacity Check has to be set to display the clock symbol which is not crossed out. A bar now appears for each sequence of operations. The colour can be used to check whether the scheduled working time still fits into the planned capacity (grey = OK, red = too little capacity). By moving these bars, the work sequences can be directly rescheduled or their throughput times changed. The work sequences can also have a lead time of 0 days, contrary to the parts request items. When updating the project, the start of the first sequence of operations of a part request and the end of the last sequence of operations of the part request are written as new dates on the part request. If a production order has already been created and its work sequences have been exploded, the new dates just set are directly transferred to the work sequences and the end date to the production order item. Thus it is possible to reschedule individual work sequences without any problems. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Scheduling according to production area-specific operating calendars: Only with this type of scheduling is it possible to take into account the operating calendars of the individual production areas or workstations. In the graphical scheduling only the common non-working days are then marked dark. If a calendar week or a day is only free for some work sequences, then these work sequences cannot be shifted into this time period, while other work sequences can fall into this time period. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Graphic: Used to display a gozintograph in the form of a Gantt chart. The dates of the individual parts can be moved by drag & drop or the lead time can be changed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "gantitdm" with the name "Gantt chart for part requirements (Gozintographs)" regarding Options: The following settings can be specified in the options window: Grouping: filters: To get a better overview, it is possible to remove individual disposition types from the diagram. However, this mode is only recommended if rough-cut scheduling has already been carried out once. Otherwise the hidden parts of the filtered out scheduling types remain undermined. Possible filters are:.