This is the description of the module "gozinto" with the name "Gozintograph": A gozintograph is a graph that is used in production planning to calculate product and partial requirements and as a preliminary stage for production scheduling and machine allocation planning. A. Vazsonyi* coined the term jokingly, tracing the procedure back to the (non-existent) Italian mathematician Zepartzat Gozinto, whose name stands for "the part that (=Zepartzat) goes into (=Gozinto)". Starting point are parts lists which describe the structure of parts. Let us assume we have an end product E1, which itself consists of the two assemblies B2 and B3 and these in turn consist of the assembly B1 and the parts T1, T2 and T3. The assembly B1 consists of the parts T1 and T2. The structure of the BOM has the following structure as a tree: As can be seen in this BOM view, assembly B1 and parts T1 and T2 occur several times, furthermore, parts T1 and T2 occur simultaneously at the 0. and the 1. production stage. The tree is not very clear due to this redundancy of parts and assemblies. The dispositive view (when are which parts needed for what?) of the use of parts(use or dispositive view), which is particularly important for production planning, is achieved by converting the tree into a network, the parts list network or gozintograph: Each part and each assembly only occurs once and now only at a so-called MRP level. In ClassiX®, the level within a gozintograph is output the other way round, the topmost - to be delivered - end products are always referred to as the so-called level 0 parts, subordinate parts belong to levels 1, 2, etc. Summarised according to parts, the following list representation of the disposition of the parts results: The above graph can also be drawn as a Gantt chart: The representation from left to right is to express the chronological sequence of the demand for parts. Each part itself is shown as a bar, where the length of a bar represents the procurement time (for purchased parts the delivery time of the supplier, for production parts the total lead time): Further information: Part requirement: Module description Parts requirement: Business Pattern *Vaszony, A.: Die Planungsrechnung in Wirtschaft und Industrie, Vienna-Munich 1962.