This is the description of the module "invoimaint" with the name "Recurring outgoing invoice": This app is primarily intended for the creation of recurring outgoing invoices. In the second place, it is also possible to create evaluations of already created recurring A/R invoices or an overview of all recurring A/R invoices. A recurring A/R invoice to be issued can be defined via an order in two ways. Firstly, a sales order can be of the type "maintenance contract" and a payment condition of the type "recurring payment" and the settlement type "lump sum payment". This type of recurring A/R invoice is useful if, for example, the invoice is for flat-rate maintenance. A second way of defining a recurring A/R invoice is to enter an order item with a payment term of the "recurring payment" type. This option can also be used, for example, to bill for maintenance if the maintenance does not have to be paid as a lump sum (fixed price), but rather depending on a quantity (price per unit or per licence). In this case, the order item defines in more detail the amount of maintenance (e.g.: 15 licences * 100€/licence = 1,500€) and the payment conditions of the type "recurring payment" define the billing period (e.g. monthly, yearly, etc.). The rent for software, for example, can also be invoiced in this way. The preparation of such recurring outgoing invoices is based on the following rules: An A/R invoice is always issued on the first day of the period entered on the recurring payment term. The period ("Check by date") is used to check whether a recurring outgoing invoice should be issued by this date. Based on the interval defined in the condition, the system automatically checks how often and when the recurring outgoing invoice is to be created. Already settled, recurring outgoing invoices can be listed as an option. After listing the recurring outgoing invoices to be issued, the outgoing invoices can be generated for the selected entries by clicking on the invoice button in the toolbar. Items are combined to one A/R invoice if the order and the due date are identical. In this way, orders with different recurring payment items (e.g. 30 licenses as monthly rent + 1 monthly maintenance flat rate) can be settled via one invoice.