This is the description of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors": KPI auditors are observers of transaction documents for the definition and determination of business key figures = Key Performance Indicators (KPI). KPI auditors can be used to collect key figures for supplier evaluation, machine utilisation or the quality of a cost centre, for example. The KPI auditors determine the key performance indicators by name and also the set of rules according to which they are determined. The KPI auditors are integrated either via the business processes (workflows) of transactions, whereby the key figures themselves are processed via transaction descriptions, or by direct assignment to business objects. The KPI Monitor App is responsible for the actual display and evaluation of the KPIs defined by means of this app. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Evaluation types: There are three types of indicators: Evaluated key figures (ratings), auxiliary key figures, counters and values. Key figures of the type counters and values can be derived directly from a document and are summed up in the key figure monitors for the suppliers, years and months. These can either be evaluated directly in the statistics or serve as auxiliary key figures for the evaluated key figures. Examples counters: number of invoices, number of orders, etc. Examples of values: total value of goods, total discounts taken, etc. Auxiliary key figures are not key figures per se, but serve as intermediate variables only for a clearer calculation of the key figures. They are therefore created as attributes of the type "for internal purposes only" and are thus hidden in the lists for compiling the statistics, among other things. Valuatedkey figures (evaluations) are not determined directly via the document and written to the monitors, but they result at the time of the evaluation. The sum of the evaluated key figures is the best way to compare different business objects (customers, suppliers, etc.). The determination of the evaluated key figures can itself be differentiated into three types: In the monitor list, the total evaluation can be determined according to the three calculation types mentioned, but the individual key figures are only displayed in two calculation types. On the one hand, this is the type "Normal average" and on the other hand the type "Cumulated average". If the type "Moving Average" is selected, the individual key figures are displayed cumulatively. Thus, there may be slight differences in the formation of the cross sum. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Definition of key figures: The definition of the key figures can best be explained by means of an example. Let the deviation of the confirmed delivery date from the requested date be a key figure for supplier evaluation. The key figure should not be the deviation in days itself, but a weighted value that results from the deviation. (0days = 10%; 1day=8%;2days=6%;.) The basis for determining a key figure is always a document (a transaction), in this example an order item. Data fields of an order item are both the requested delivery date and the delivery date confirmed by the supplier with his order confirmation. The difference between the two dates in days is also stored on the item as the data field confirmed.value. When setting the date of the order confirmation in the order item, the above key figure is processed in the following way: Via the transaction descriptions, first the data cube with the one dimension KPI Monitor of the KPI Auditor "Supplier rating" (determined via: Status Monitor -> Workflow(StateMonitor("CONFIRMATION").owner.ClearingObject("CX_KPI_AUDITOR").ForceMonitor(CX_KPI_MONITOR))) and the other dimension KPI Monitor of the supplier (reached via: TopTransaction().supplier.ForceMonitor(CX_KPI_MONITOR)) is determined/created. To determine an accrual-based KPI, the corresponding sub-accounts for the calendar year and month are then determined/created. In the KPI Auditor object, the desired key figures are defined and stored as calculated or conditional attributes. In our example, this is the attribute confirmed.numeric for the weighted deviation. This conditional attribute returns the weighted deviation as a numeric value 10, 8, 6 etc. depending on confirmed.value (the deviation in days between the requested and confirmed delivery date, which is/are stored on the order item itself (see above)). This value is determined via the transaction description (via: Status Monitor -> Workflow -> KPI Auditor(StateMonitor("CONFIRMATION").owner.ClearingObject("CX_KPI_AUDITOR").attributeSet.confirmed.counter)) and written away. The transaction description also stores the writing away of the key figure and the calculation of the new average. The following rules (an extract) should be included in the transaction description: The same rules apply for goods receipt (counter (received.kpiCounter) and evaluated deviation(received.kpiNumeric) between goods receipt date and confirmed delivery date (in days = received.value)) and key figures about the delivery quantity (delivered.kpi*). This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Multidimensional OLAP cubes: The data collected via the KPI Auditor can also be collected and evaluated multi-dimensionally. For example, incoming orders can be evaluated according to sales area and article group. For this purpose, the orders are booked into an OLAP cube, which has the sales area and the article group as an edge/dimension. The period year and month can be sub-dimensions of this data cube. Through the OLAP cube, the turnover per sales area or per article group or per article group per sales area can be read directly in this example. Via the dimension filter that can be optionally set in the list, it is possible to filter the result set according to a dimension. In this way, for example, you can limit the evaluation to the data of a sales area and hide the other OLAP cubes. It is also possible to group dimensions. Let's assume there are the dimensions sales territory (India, China, Japan, Australia, Europe, America) and article group (services, spare parts, products). This would result in 15 data cubes. If you now want to evaluate "Service in Asia" with the corresponding dimensions (India, China, Japan - services, spare parts), this is not easily possible. The solution is a conditional attribute that creates a grouping of the dimensions. The evaluation can then be run via the column that results from this. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain KPI auditors. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding List window: This window is used to list KPI auditors. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select KPI Auditor. This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Overview window: This window provides an overview of a specific KPI auditor (this can be the KPI auditor for suppliers or for customers). This is the description of the functionality of the module "kpiAuditor" with the name "KPI Auditors" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.