This is the description of the module "loggiwip" with the name "Receipts relevant to costs": This document can be used to display all cost-relevant documents of an order, a group of order items or individual order items. The list is used for closer control (drill down) of the costs shown in the final costing or when determining the stock of unfinished products. For further information on the valuation of work in progress or post-calculation, please refer to the monthly financial statements. This is the description of the functionality of the module "loggiwip" with the name "Receipts relevant to costs" regarding List "Posted receipts: Display of the cost-relevant documents. In the upper part of the window you can specify filters for displaying the documents. The following documents are currently displayed: With a right click in the list, all selected documents can be assigned to an already created invoice or marked as non-billable. For hourly time sheets, this closing - i.e. the subsequent allocation to an invoice or the marking that the document is not billable - represents the closing of the business process. Please see the description Marking receipts as billed. When calculating using the application calendar, it can happen that items have a yellow dot before the posting date. These items have already been posted in the cost estimate, but the values may have changed. The next time the application calendar is run, the entry is updated. This is the description of the functionality of the module "loggiwip" with the name "Receipts relevant to costs" regarding Cost of materials: Display of the parts (material) that were booked with the order. Stock bookings, incoming invoices and credit notes are taken into account. Double-click on the item in question to display the posted documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "loggiwip" with the name "Receipts relevant to costs" regarding Check and correct cost calculation" list: View sales and warehouse orders that have a difference between the totals of the posted documents and the value directly at the item. At the moment, the window can be opened directly in the Inspection-Sales in the Orders section or called up with the orders of the current work-in-progress.