This is the description of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access": Meta-Access objects represent the data fields and access paths in the meta model. They are created automatically for data fields via the ObjectCrawler and manually for access paths with procedure or function calls. The master of a Meta-Access object is always a Meta-Object. In case the type of the return value of the Meta-Access object is a reference (object or list), the respective target objects are again meta objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain Meta-Access objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access" regarding List window: This window is used to list the Meta-Access objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select Meta-Access objects. This is the description of the functionality of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access" regarding Access Print Configurator: These windows allow you to configure access expressions. The corresponding representation of the transferred object ("data origin") is searched for in the meta model. From this meta object, it is now possible to navigate through the meta model to the target data. The access expression is composed on the basis of the meta-access elements passed through in this process. Since the same access paths are often traversed when compiling the data format of a list, several access expressions can be configured together. Thus, for the configuration of several columns, navigation does not have to be started anew from the start object each time. This is the description of the functionality of the module "metaaccs" with the name "English:Meta Access" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.