This is the description of the module "objnavi" with the name "Object Navigator": The Object Navigator enables a three-dimensional view of objects and their connections. It attempts to enable the user to understand the data by additionally displaying the context of an object (the neighbouring objects connected to it). It is possible to follow up connections by adding its context to one of the displayed objects. Thus, paths between objects within the database can be investigated. There is a general display mode for the objects, but if required, it is also possible to switch to correspondingly optimised displays for special circumstances. This is the description of the functionality of the module "objnavi" with the name "Object Navigator" regarding Navigation: In the three-dimensional world of the Object Navigator, navigation with the mouse is possible. By holding down the left mouse button the objects can be rotated, by holding down the right mouse button they can be moved. Zooming in and out is possible with the mouse wheel. Using the context menu of the right mouse button an object can be centred, i.e. rotation with the left mouse button uses this object as centre. It is also possible to edit an object or call up the object inspector via the context menu. The remaining menu items in the context menu correspond to the options in the Control Module. A double click with the left mouse button on an object expands it, thus displaying the context of the object. The object automatically moves to the centre of the display. In this way a path can be followed step by step, i.e. it can be "wandered" through the database. An object can be selected with a simple left click. This object is then highlighted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "objnavi" with the name "Object Navigator" regarding Landscapes: The display modes of the Object Navigator, which have been specially optimised for a particular situation, are called "Landscape". It is possible to switch between the landscapes at any time. From the point of switching, all newly added objects are displayed in this landscape. To make this possible, a starting point for the landscape must always be selected before switching (this is done by using the left mouse button). Not all landscapes make sense for all objects. The correct starting points are always mentioned in the table of landscapes below. This is the description of the functionality of the module "objnavi" with the name "Object Navigator" regarding Control module: The upper list contains the start objects. By double-clicking on an object, the display of the object can be called up. The lower list contains all objects currently displayed. By double-clicking an object, it can be centred, i.e. moved to the centre of the display. In the middle area are all options, which can be controlled accordingly via the checkboxes and radio buttons. Most of the options can also be accessed via the context menu with the right mouse button in the Object Navigator itself. The following is an overview of the individual options and their meaning:.