This is the description of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation": The "Customer Documentation" module is used to compile all user manuals and documents of an order which have to be provided to the customer. This document is therefore always the successor of an order. The processing of this type of table of contents is carried out parallel to the delivery notes, because the documents are usually not an order item or refer directly to such items, if the parts to be documented only appear in the parts list, for example. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Creating and editing a customer documentation directory: Creating a customer documentation starts with the selection of the order for which the documents are to be made available to the customer. If one skips this step and continues directly with the creation of the items, the order is automatically assigned by selecting the items. The position of the customer documentation is usually generated automatically. The entire order or a selected order group or item is searched for documents. In addition to the order items, the production parts lists are also searched. An item is created for each item to be documented. If an article is found several times in different order items or bills of material, these are all assigned to one item as predecessors. Several documents can also be assigned to the item. In the "Execution" group, a workstation can be assigned to the directory, which is responsible for compiling the documents. When the document is posted, this task is posted to its worklist. By setting the "completed" indicator, the status is advanced and the task is booked out of the worklist again. The directory can be printed from the customer documentation. There are usually two types of documents available for this purpose. On the one hand, this is the customer documentation directory for the customer, which clarifies the assignment of the documents to the order items/articles and on the other hand, this is a picking list for order picking, i.e. the compilation of the documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain customer documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Input window - position: This window is used to maintain customer documentation items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Input window - text block: This window is used to maintain text blocks of the customer documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Define characteristics: If the customer documentation has variant document references, the specification (usually the language and possibly other attributes) is queried before printing or exporting. This is done via this window. Optionally, an alternative can be specified. This value is used if the variant document reference does not have a sub-document reference in the first value. In this way, English could be selected as an alternative if there is no document for the first language. The attributes that are necessary for the specification of the variant documents are listed in the window. The values are proposed based on the attributes from the customer documentation and the predecessor of the order. This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding List window: This window is used for listing . This is the description of the functionality of the module "odocu" with the name "Customer documentation" regarding Selection window: This window is used for selection .