This is the description of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position": This module is used to maintain offer/order items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Order item status: First of all, once the order item has been created, the initial status is determined by the type of provision of the part. If the part has the staging type "no staging", the order item does not receive the staging status and no planning is initiated during technical release. Since order items can be scheduled differently, different statuses must also be assigned. These can then be used to identify how this order item is to be further processed and where it is to be provided from. Since the type of disposition is variable, the follow-up documents already created are used as recognition for the status into which the order item is to run. There are priorities which are to be explained here: 1st case: If an order item has an exploded production bill of material as a follow-on document, the order item goes into the production status, regardless of whether it still has a requirement request or a stock backlog as a partial disposition. 2nd case: If an order item does not have an exploded production BOM, but a requirement coverage request, the order item goes into the requirement coverage request status, even if it still has a stock backlog as a partial MRP. 3rd case: If an order item has a warehouse reservation document in full order item quantity, the order item goes into the warehouse reservation status. 4th case: If the order item has no follow-up documents at all and is a text article, the order item goes to the standard disposition status set in the client, which was defined there for text articles. 5th case: If an order item has no follow-up documents at all and is not a text article, the standard disposition type of the part is taken over for the order item. So if the part is a purchased part that is subject to MRP, a requirement coverage request is created during technical release. Please note the following: The order item status only goes into "purchase requisition" if there is already a successor document. Before this, however, the rules (case 4+5) in the technical release window are used to determine which follow-on document must be created automatically for a technical release and which buttons are displayed as standard. In case 4+5, only the buttons of the standard disposition type are displayed in the technical release. For cases 1-3, the buttons of the planning type resulting from the follow-on documents are displayed according to the priority mentioned. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Attributes in the subheadings: General Attributes are data of the order item, which take on both controlling and informative functions. The attributes can be used to break down/define the variant part that is possibly hidden behind the order item, to determine the price on the basis of a price table or to send information to the customer by printing the attributes. Local and global attributes Local attributes are created directly in the order item and can therefore be used once for this document and all subsequent documents. After creation, they can be changed in their form directly (right click) via the editing mask. Global attributes are either taken directly from the sales item or can be inserted from the attribute master. In contrast to the local attributes, they can only be edited to a limited extent. Usually this means only the value and the comment. The remaining specifications, such as changing a stored table, can only be made in the attribute master. In order processing, there is the peculiarity that not all attributes hold their value. These attributes are marked by the globe with the red tripod and are caused by the fact that at the time of inserting the attribute, a superior item has the same attribute. In this case, the attribute of the sub-item takes the value from the main item. If the value of the attribute of the main item is subsequently changed, it is passed on to all sub-items. This happens until the value of the attribute of the sub-item has been manually changed once. From this point on, the value is constant and the attribute is displayed with a globe with a yellow tripod. If the attribute values have been set to be displayed as calculated in the option window, the spontaneously calculated value of the attribute appears in the "Value" column instead of the formula. Supplier No. Attribute If you double-click on the attribute "supplier no." or "supplierID", the system checks whether the value entered in this attribute corresponds to a name of a supplier and takes over the number of the first matching supplier. If none could be found, the supplier search mask opens. After selecting a supplier, the supplier number is entered in the value of the attribute. When saving an order item, the system searches for "supplier number" attributes on the order item that have not yet been converted into a supplier number. This is now done. If a supplier has been found, the attribute is marked accordingly and the next time the order item is saved, no further attempt is made to find it again. In requisitions and orders for parts that do not have an A-supplier, the supplier with the number specified in supplierID is used! In this way, it is possible for order parts without a main supplier to determine at the time of order entry which supplier is to be ordered from. (see also description of price determination order item) Determining the origin of a global attribute with red tripod Determining the original attribute makes sense if an attribute inherits the value from another attribute (). If you now want to find out afterwards in which position the attribute was found, you can call up the function via the context menu. Transfer of the attributes into the order The respective red arrow shows which value is accepted and which attribute is wrapped. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Calculation and quantity calculation for main and sub-items: There are five types (Types) of how subitems are assembled with the main item (see the "Type" field displayed on the first tab "Offer/Order item" if a main item has been loaded); this defines the pricing rules and quantity calculation. The types are explained using the following example (see also the explanations of the Sales Set module). This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Price calculation: The order processing in ClassiX not only offers extensive and variable possibilities to calculate or create prices, but also the highest possible degree of clarity. This is necessary because the price is usually not only a simple value per quantity, which is stored in the sales item, but is calculated by various factors. These factors include, for example, over/under prices, discounts/surcharges, list price-related conditions, customer group discounts and customer article group discounts. Unless a position is below a position/group with a fixed total, a slot accounted.amount is saved, in which the values of the order position can be viewed divided. The values are the following: Definitions of terms Regular price / regular price assumption When selecting a sales article role (sales article, sales set, spare part, etc.), a master sales price and master costs are transferred to the item according to the following rules: Because the attribute values in the quotation or order could be changed later, it is then ensured that the sales price or basic costs are compared with master data. There are the following possibilities: surcharges/discounts Since each item can have several surcharges and discounts, the order of the conditions is important when it comes to percentage conditions. The reason for this is that the conditions are calculated cumulatively. It should also be noted that absolute conditions (-100€) also affect the unit price. It is therefore multiplied, like all other conditions in the items, by the quantity stored for the item. List price related conditions List price related conditions can be used to hide surcharges. When the order confirmation is printed, the customer is informed of the list price, the "normal" conditions granted and the resulting unit price. However, he is not informed about the composition of the list price and the conditions that are included. List price-related conditions can be created in an order item as percentage or value per quantity surcharges. They are then referred to as additional or reduced prices. In an order group or the order itself, list price-related conditions can only be entered as a percentage. They are then taken into account in all items, but are not shown. Thus the surcharge is hidden in such a way that the calculation in print is also plausible for the customer. List price-related conditions in sets In contrast to the list price related conditions in an item (over/under prices), in an order group or the order itself, the application to a set item (sales set, BG set) is more differentiated. In the normal sales item position, the condition is only applied to the item itself. In the order or a group, only to the associated items. In a set with sub-items, the item category controls how the prices are calculated and therefore also the scope of the conditions. The following combinations of item category, condition type and list price-related labelling are available:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Cost calculation: Definitions of terms. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Revenue calculation: Subsequent to the calculation of the whole offer/order, the revenue calculation is carried out: Revenues are calculated and stored on the individual offer/order items (and also on all other nodes such as item groups and the document itself). An item revenue is understood to be a corrected item net value, whereby the corrections take into account all other net-related conditions as well as the deviation by a fixed sum. This means that the sum of all revenue values of sub-items is always equal to the net value on the respective item. Example 1 (the simplest situation): Example 2 (fixed sum): Example 3 (total net discount): Example 4 (net position discount): Example 5 (net packaging surcharge): Example 6 (complex):. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Further processing: Follow-up documents Sales and technical approval Order items are created by the sales department (on the road). Then all the background information for this job is obtained and saved. Only when the sales department knows that this order item can now be scheduled, the sales person releases the order item via the "Sales release". This step has the following implications: The next step is the technical release by the work preparation or the scheduler. Partial delivery A delivery schedule can be entered for an order item. These dates give you the following options Disposition An order item with a text article always receives a disposition status. An order item does not get an MRP status in the order if the item: - is a service item or - is subordinate to an assembly set item; or - is a PID item or - is a sales set item. Otherwise, the item gets a disposition status if the (possibly distinct) part on the item is a non-dispositional part. Otherwise (the part is a disposition part), the item gets a disposition status if: - the part is a purchase part or - the part is a production part and has a production role or is an assembly set. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Conditional individual parts in sets: If a set contains conditional subparts, a message appears when selecting such a set into an order or quotation item, stating that at least one conditional part is present. Since the selection of conditional components depends on the characteristics specified in the item under the tab Additional Data, these must first be set accordingly. When this has been done, the button "Generate plant components" must be pressed, which then inserts the conditional components into the position using the set characteristics. The characteristics created in the corresponding set for a subpart are taken over. If these have not been entered, the system takes the characteristics from the parts master. Entries not relevant for an item can then be manually removed. See also the option for enabling recursive resolution. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding preliminary calculation: In the order position, it is possible to determine the margin or contribution margin of the position using calculatory standard prices. To do this, the standard price from the order item roll is drawn into the base cost field for purchased parts and the standard price from the production roll of the selected part for production parts. This can be changed manually to see how certain price changes affect the preliminary calculation. However, the orders or requisitions resulting from this order item remain unaffected by this change. It has no effect on the further course of procurement of the part. Trade goods parts The four possibilities of transfer from the trading goods database:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offoritt" with the name "Offer and order position" regarding Overview: Storage reservation for a part with extra indication of a non-disposable storage location: (Techn. doc.) If a storage bin is selected in an order item that is not MRP, then the order item is not recorded in the MRP account of the part!!! Validity and last.itemPointer Each time an order item is booked, the part that is hidden behind the roll is determined and saved in last.itemPointer. This is necessary because due to attribute changes (variant parts) and validity (exchange objects) the salesItem.item object is not always the corresponding part and can be regarded as constant. The following list describes how the part (last.itemPointer) is determined. last.itemPointer is always set, even if the variant part cannot be resolved. Unless it is a text item. last.itemPointer is frozen when the order item has been technically released or has relevant successors. Relevant successors are: - Production parts lists - Stock return documents - Requisitions/purchase orders that are not a work order or have been cancelled. If after last.itemPointer has been frozen by the above-mentioned conditions, an attempt is made to change a condition that could affect last.itemPointer, the user will receive a corresponding message.