This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorhqu" with the name "Offer and order Semi-fast entry" regarding Creating items in the list view: In a quotation/order, you have the possibility to switch between the tree structure and the list view in the Positions area. This is achieved by pressing the button on the left above the list. In the list view there is a simplified possibility to enter new items as in the fast entry. If you press the button Insert, the position number is automatically suggested, but can still be changed. Now jump to the next field on the right, above which the currently selected article type is shown. You can change this by clicking the right mouse button above the input field. A selection list of three possible article types appears: sales article, spare part and performance unit. After one has been selected, you can decide whether this offer/order item is a "real" article etc. from the master data, or whether it should be a so-called text article, which practically only exists in this offer/order. A text article is created by entering any number and not confirming it with Enter. So if the input field "Article" below is empty, a text article is created. But if you need a real article from the trunk, you have two possibilities to select it: If you want to change an article that is displayed in this list, you can select the article in the list and drag it with pressed mouse button into the field on the far left in the quick entry "Pos. This will cause this item to be displayed again in the fast entry and can thus be edited. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorhqu" with the name "Offer and order Semi-fast entry" regarding Nodes in the list view: In the list view, there are different ways to display the following items. When switching from the tree view to the list view, the selected position is used as the entry point. The positions of the nodes "Single level" are displayed, i.e. only the direct position of the node is shown. In the sub-nodes sub-nodes existing in the node are displayed and can be selected there to go one level lower. Subnodes can be groups, items with subdivisions and service specifications items. If "multi-level" is selected, all items below the node are displayed. The option "Without service specifications" allows you to hide the service specifications items in the list. These are then still displayed as sub-nodes. The "Free" column means "Release": whether the "Sales" and/or "Technical" release has been made. The column DL means "Direct delivery": Whether a requirement request following the order item is a direct delivery or not. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorhqu" with the name "Offer and order Semi-fast entry" regarding Processing information: The positions can be edited using the menu bar, the context menu or the buttons in the upper right-hand part of the window. Insert When inserting item types, the user is prompted to select the desired part via a selection window. For further information on the item window that appears, see the documentation on offer/order items. Duplicate It is also possible to 'Duplicate' a selected item. This creates an identical item (with all sub-items) with the next higher item number. Delete Deletes the previously selected item.