This is the description of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order": In the corresponding main window you can create an offer or an order. Here you select all information and set all values that should apply to the entire document and all sub-items, e.g. certain infrastructure data, the customer, a general delivery address, a general delivery date, etc. Much of this information can be further specified in the corresponding item windows.Instructions for printing offers and orders can be found here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Functionality: This window is used to maintain quotations/orders. You can select an offer/order by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain quotations and orders. You can select an offer/order by entering the number of the desired document in the "Number" field and confirming with RETURN. You can recognise the type of document (offer, sample offer, order) on the one hand by the name of the window and on the other hand by the picture which is next to the number field. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding List window: Serves to list the offers / orders. In the menu "Edit" you can either select whether you want to check the units of all items or whether you want to check the correctness of all industrial plants contained in the offers/orders. However, these checks are rather technical and not intended for commercial work. In the list window of the orders you can also set whether you want to have "empty" or infinite data fields displayed when searching for date periods, i.e. searching for the delivery date, staging date or the technical release date. If the option is activated, then when searching for any date period, you will also be shown all documents for which the corresponding data field is empty. For this reason this option is deactivated by default!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Optionally select groups: Please select the desired optional groups from the list, which are to be included in the order including all under positions and groups. If optional groups are nested (i.e. there is another optional group under an optional group), each group must be selected separately. If you do not select any groups, no optional group is applied. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an offer/order. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Window: Set dates: This window is called up via the menu "Edit -> Items -> Set dates". In the header of the window, the desired date fields can be activated and filled in by means of a checkbox. In the list, the positions to which the dates are transferred are displayed. The process is triggered via the OK button. The fields can be locked individually by message blocking users. See Security for Window: Setting Appointments. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Window: Edit condition description: Double-click on an item inserted in the order to open this window. In the OLE box, the Word document describing the condition and which is printed in the document is displayed in the preview. The Word document can be edited by double-clicking in the OLE box. Important: When editing the description via this way, only the condition of the order is changed, not the master condition. The editing is completed with OK. In the list of conditions a symbol is displayed in the column "Word" if the order condition has an individual description. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Document presets: Use this window to set document preferences for quotations and orders. The document settings can be assigned to a user, cost center, client, or partner function, for example. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Change offer/order settings with Wizzard: With this wizard, settings can be set for a group of selected offers / orders in one. The selection of the offers / orders can still be changed while the wizard is open. The checkboxes in front of the groups "Business field" and "Type" can be used to show or hide the data fields. Data fields that are shown are changed in the quotations/orders by the wizard. These groups are not changed by hiding them. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Offer: New offers can be created directly from the industrial plant or a project. The advantage of this procedure is that relevant data (customer, contact person, ) are directly transferred and the cost unit is correctly linked. It is also possible to simply open, fill and save an empty editing mask. If no project has been assigned to the offer at this point, a new one will be created automatically. The quotation number is consecutive and is assigned automatically when the quotation is created. After the offer data (header data) has been entered completely and the items have been created, the offer must be booked. This is done by switching the traffic light from red to green. Only now the offer is calculated once and can then be printed with the correct prices. In the ' Calculation' tab, the individual items are displayed with their purchase and sales prices (if available). By means of various selection options you can, for example, also provide the offer with a fixed price and/or hide the prices of the individual items for the customer. The customer then only receives the fixed price or the total amount as the offer price. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Offer versioning: If already submitted offers are revised again, a new version of the offer can be created. In this way a history/tracking of the offer versions is possible. The end of the processing chain of the offers is represented by the final status. Either a quotation is lost if there is no order or it is converted into an order. In offer versioning, the counter controls the number of the new offer. There are two possibilities. On the one hand, the counter can be created with the step size 1. This means that the new offer version simply gets a consecutive number. The reference between the quotation versions is then only guaranteed via the document history. Another possibility is to create a counter with a larger step size. The recommended increment is 10 or 100. If this is the case, each new offer receives a number ending in "00". If a new offer version is created, no "new" number is assigned but the number of the last version is increased by one. For example, quotation 04301200 is followed by versions 04301201, 04301202, 04301203. In this example 100 versions of a quotation can be created. If you can manage with less, the increment of the counter can also be set to 10 or 5. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Convert offer to order: To convert a quotation into an order you can convert it with 'Convert quotation into order'. The quotation number now appears as the order number and the previously entered data, such as customer, conditions and items are transferred to the order mask. The transfer of some data, such as the letter, can be controlled via the option window. By entering a confirmation date in the job mask, the status of the job is changed from "not confirmed" to "confirmed". Rules when converting: When converting quotations into orders, hourly records already recorded for service provider groups and their subitems are detached from the service provider group of the quotation and attached to the newly created service provider group of the order. In this way, all hourly records of a service provider group can be found together again. Likewise, all work orders created for the quote service provider group are reassigned. The entire process is now attached to the order. It is also possible to freely combine offers with other orders as successors. This function can be used, for example, if one or more orders have arisen from a general offer. The connection is called up via the menu item "Connect with order successors", whereupon an order can be selected via the selection mask of the orders. After selecting the order, you can see in the document history that the connection has been set. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Mission: The structure and preparation of orders is identical to that of offers. If an order was created from an offer, not only the header data but also the items were transferred. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Components of the offer/order: The structure of an offer is more or less determined by the tabs of the editing mask. Thus, the components of the offer order, each of which represents a separate block in the document, are as follows:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Framework contracts and call orders: Framework contracts are defined by means of a cost revenue and the individual quantities are called up by means of a sales order. See also: Framework contracts and call orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Copying of entire offers and orders: Note: Since copying entire quotations or orders also copies all other existing data, such as characteristics, customer etc., errors may occur if existing data is not changed. It is therefore advisable to test the order flow first and to copy only one error-free order further. If you still want to copy a complete quotation or order, click on the first line of the item overview, which also contains the quotation or order number, and drag it into the 'Copy buffer' window. If you then drag this line again into a new quotation or order, the complete quotation or order is taken over. Note: If the quotation or job cannot be expanded in the copy buffer, copying cannot be performed without errors. Please repeat the process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Release order / order item: Once an order has been created and can be processed by subsequent departments, the order must be released. This release can be done for the complete order, but it is also possible to release only individual items or parts of an item. The release of all order items is done via 'Release' on the Conditions card. If only individual items or individual parts are to be released, each individual item or individual part must be double-clicked and released there via 'Release' for the following departments. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Calculation, pricing: The exact functionality of calculating and pricing is explained in the documentation of the offer and order items. A special feature must be noted here, namely that discounts and packaging surcharges entered in the offer or order header always refer to the discountable or packable sum of the respective offer or order, even if the option "from the value of goods" was set in the corresponding condition!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Quotation costing: Target1 vs. target2 The target1 represents the order or the offer from a commercial point of view. The offer, on which an order is based, reflects what has been offered and sold to the customer, including pre-calculated costs and prices. However, since the order is also characterised by technical information, it is of course quite possible that the data of the order may change in the course of the technical processing. In this way, the costs in the order (target2) also change. Therefore it is all the more important that the target1 costs are frozen by the offer. (The freezing of the order values is also possible by converting the order into a quotation). (see here). This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Order costing: The calculation of the costs of an order is defined by four variables, the target1 / target2 costs, the planned/actual and the actual costs. Please refer to the definitions to find out what is behind these terms. All three values have a decisive share in the accompanying order calculation. and the success of a project. Thus the target1 / target2 costs serve the planning and preliminary costing of an order in order to achieve the desired margin in the end. The planned/actual value is an important indicator for the achievement of this goal and the actual values can be used to check the achievement of the goal. The plan/actual represents a forecast of the actual costs. For the calculation of the plan-actual, on the one hand the target2-costs are used, which are gradually replaced by the valuation of the successors (Gozinto, order), even before the actual costs have been incurred. Please refer to the following table for the formation of the planned/actual data. By the number of items for which the planned/actual is no longer formed over target2, weighted with their value, a degree of accuracy of the planned/actual in percent can be created. Detailed information regarding the accompanying job costing can be found here in a special topic. The order item category is relevant for creating planned/actual costs on set items. For some categories, the costs of the sub-items are passed on to the higher-level item, for others not. See the order item documentation. A further feature in job costing is the variance analysis, in which the planned/actual costs are compared with the actual costs. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Calculation of marginal costs: The "normal" job costing is based on the target costs (target 1 in the quotation and target 2 in the job). The target costs are calculated including the overhead costs, which can be stored in the production part or globally at the client. With the optional marginal cost calculation, a quotation/order can also be calculated additionally only under consideration of the variable costs. This enables the sales department to determine the absolute lower price limit of an order. In marginal costing, overhead is calculated for each order item and cumulated for the groups and the entire order. The marginal costs of the order are thus calculated from the target costs minus the cumulative overheads. Marginal cost calculation can be activated for individual jobs via the options menu. An automatic presetting of the marginal cost calculation for quotations/orders can be done via the client. The default setting is stored depending on the type of order, as the marginal cost calculation only makes sense for example for new installation orders, but not for spare parts orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Recipient/delivery address: The recipient and the delivery address defines where the ordered goods are sent to. Since this does not always have to be the customer of the order, the shipping address (recipient + delivery address) can be structured as follows. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Stopping and cancelling orders / order items: Type of entry: The documents can be cancelled or stopped via the menu items Further processing->Cancelled or Stopped. After selecting the menu item, a date field with the corresponding description appears in which the current date can be entered automatically. This can be changed and deleted manually. If the date is deleted, the cancellation or the stopped status is cancelled again. If one of these interruption types is selected, all sub-items are run through and rebooked. As a result of the posting, all other status monitors such as delivery status, billing status and planning status disappear. These items receive a new confirmation status that is set to the correspondingly selected interruption type. If the order is cancelled, the item is no longer included in the calculation and is no longer taken into account in the overall price calculation of the order. The items can never have a confirmation status and at the same time one of the other statuses (billing, MRP, delivery). If the interruption is deleted, all items regain their original statuses, whereby the confirmation status is not set to active or similar, but deleted. If one of the suspension types is set, no follow-on document can be created for the corresponding items due to the missing statuses that have been replaced by the confirmation status. It is also no longer possible to carry out a sales or technical release. Definition of .Stop: No more new documents can be created, all processes still running continue to run as before. Stopping an order item is used, for example, if technical questions/problems have occurred during scheduling and scheduling is to be interrupted for the time being. .Delivery stop: The delivery stop is used to stop delivery if, for example, a down payment has not been made. .Cancel: Same as Stop, but the prices of cancelled items are no longer included in the total sum of the order, but are treated with the value 0. The cancellation of an order can be reversed by deleting the cancelled date from the corresponding field. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Import of order items from AutoCAD: In plant construction, the scope of delivery of an order is often defined in AutoCAD. For this case, ClassiX offers an interface, with which you can automatically transfer the data entered in AutoCAD into the ClassiX order processing. If changes are made to the AutoCAD drawing afterwards, the order data can be synchronised afterwards. Import The import of an AutoCAD drawing is called up via the menu item "Product Configurator - Import - CAD" and begins with the selection of the dwg file. The import now consists of two steps. In step number one, the file is read into ClassiX and the read data is prepared. During the import the user is informed about the status of the process. The import is completed when the read and prepared data are displayed in the import window. The representation of the data corresponds to the structure with which they are transferred to the request in the next step. The "node" is the position of the order below which the positions read in via CAD are created. The default setting is always the position which was selected when the import was called up. In case of doubt this is the order header. If an error occurred during reading, the corresponding items are displayed under the "Error" account. An error occurs if the CAD drawings contain the same position numbers for different article (numbers). Consequently, there must not be the article "Article1" and "Article2" with the same position number "10.1". (Attention: The equality of the attribute values is not controlled). The next step is now the generation of the order items. In this step the items are transferred to the order as they are displayed in the preview. In this step the option "Update prices and costs" can be set. This leads to the fact that after creating the items including the attributes, the prices and costs for each item are determined anew. Synchronisation If changes have been made to the CAD drawing after it has been read in, it is possible to synchronise the order. For this purpose, the same node must be selected when the module is called up and the same drawing must be selected. After step 1, the import of the data, now the positions are displayed with a yellow picture, which could be assigned to an order position. Assignment takes place on the basis of the last import. (If two supposedly identical items were created in AutoCAD and ClassiX, an "equality" is not recognized here). When generating the new items, only those items are created which have not been displayed in yellow. Unreferenced order items are displayed in the group of the same name. These are the items that exist in ClassiX below the node but have no reference to the CAD drawing. It is now necessary to check whether the reason for this is that the items were created manually in the order, or the corresponding AutoCAD block was deleted after import. In the second case the order items are likely to be deleted. The context menu supports you in this case. Notes When transferring the attributes of an order item, only the values of the attributes that were transferred via the sales item are set. If further attributes are used in the CAD drawing, these are ignored without reporting an error. If attributes of a group are taken over during the import, the first attribute with the same data field designation from the master data that does not have a value table is taken over at random. A CAD drawing cannot be imported if there are items with the same ID but which contain different articles. Hints for the creation of the AutoCAD drawing In order for the AutoCAD drawing to be imported into ClassiX, the following attributes should be set in the drawing. (In case other attributes are to be used, customer-specific changes must be made). Trade goods parts The four possibilities of transfer from the trading goods database:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Automatic determination/check of the delivery date: Note: If a provision date is determined via the replenishment lead time, the following formula is used: Provision date = Today + 1 working day + WBZ as working days. If the replenishment time is given in weeks, one week represents 5 working days. 1.1 Evaluation of the proposed delivery date Primarily, the list of order items shows the type of staging and the proposed dates. The latest (most critical) date, which has a decisive influence on the date of order provision, is also displayed separately outside the list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Import CAD drawing: (see here). This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Variance analysis: <->planned-actual: The variance analysis is used to compare the planned/actual costs with the actual costs. In addition, the causes of cost deviations can be determined. The variance analysis is carried out in two stages. In the first step all order items are examined for a difference between the planned/actual costs and the actual costs. Only those items which show a deviation are displayed. In the second step, the planned/actual and the actual documents can be analysed by selecting an item. As a result, all document chains are displayed in a second list, which explains the variances. By double-clicking on one of these document chains, all related documents can be listed. The grouped document chains are usually displayed via the triggering planned/actual document. This could be a purchase order, for example. In this case the following incoming invoices and incoming credit notes belong to the document chain, which are only displayed after a double click. However, the document chains are only listed if the difference between planned/actual and actual costs of all documents involved is above a certain tolerance limit. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Variance analysis: target2 costs <->actual costs: All order items are listed if they have a deviation between target2 and actual costs. Not included are all groups as well as the sets whose costs are calculated from the subitems. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Variance analysis: Target2-limit costs <->Actual-limit costs: All order items are listed if they have a deviation between the target 2 marginal costs and the actual marginal costs. Not included are all groups as well as the sets whose costs are determined from the subitems. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Cockpit job order costing: In this window the values of the accompanying job costing can be manually overwritten and described. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding SOF-predecessor selection window: If a forecast (SOF) has been issued for the order in the sense of order entry planning, it must be selected here. This assignment is important so that the order/sales planning can be carried out properly. This is the description of the functionality of the module "offorder" with the name "Offer and order" regarding Stopping and cancelling orders / order items (technical documentation):: By setting the interruption types, the following slots are created and filled: Further dimensions must be created in the workflows of SALES_ORDER and SALES_ORDER_ITEM. In the SALES_ORDER_ITEM a new status is added: CONFIRMATION. This must be switched to EDIT_SALES_ORDER_ITEM in the transaction description via TriggeredStateMonitor ("CONFIRMATION").