This is the description of the module "opitglac" with the name "Edit open items G/L account": G/L accounts can be defined as OP type accounts. This allows - e.g. in the case of clearing accounts - a better overview of the postings, as different postings can be linked with each other, so that only the balance with one posting is displayed. Postings to accounts marked as open item type are written continuously to the open item account and are only removed from it by manual clearing. If bookings are erroneously cleared, they can be re-inserted into the OP account at any time by drag & drop. It may also be necessary to replenish the OP account at a later date if the "OP type" identifier was set later. This is the description of the functionality of the module "opitglac" with the name "Edit open items G/L account" regarding List window: This window is used to list and maintain the G/L account postings stored as "open items". Bookings can be linked to a "displayed" booking (whereby only the balance of all linked bookings is then displayed), bookings that are linked to each other can be decoupled from each other again and any bookings of the G/L account can be drawn into the "open item account" again at any time or removed from it. If postings are subsequently dragged into the open item account by drag & drop, all predecessor and successor postings of these postings are removed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "opitglac" with the name "Edit open items G/L account" regarding Care Coupling OPs: In this window the coupling of OPs can be edited. The surgery that has triggered an operation is displayed as the primary surgery and is therefore the first and only one displayed in the surgery list. All other OPs - coupled with this OP - are not displayed, but contribute to the total balance of the OP. (In the OR list, you can optionally set to also display the linked ORs). If you want another OR to be displayed as the primary OR, you can select it as the primary OR by double-clicking on it in the lower part of the window ("Coupled open items").