This is the description of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group": Via item groups, any number of order items can be divided into groups. Appointments can be assigned collectively for these groups, which can then also be transferred directly to all subitems. It is also possible to mark groups as option groups in the offer - their costs are then not included in the total offer, these groups are ignored when they are transferred to an order. Fixed sums can also be defined on the group for all subitems. Furthermore, different recipients can be entered on the group, if, for example, a pallet with goods is to be delivered to the customer's external warehouse, or the delivery of dangerous goods has to be cleared at another gate. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group" regarding Status determination for order groups: Order groups usually do not have their own delivery or billing status, as the corresponding order status is determined from the items. Groups with a fixed total without subheadings are an exception. These groups can be used to sell flat-rate supplies and services via the order, which cannot be entered via an item consisting of an article or a service in a corresponding quantity. Here it does not matter what type of group (order group, service provider group, etc.) is involved. Since the statuses for such groups cannot be determined via the invoice or delivery quantity, the statuses are forwarded via the "already delivered" and "already invoiced" labels in the order groups. The corresponding fields are only displayed if the group has a fixed total but no sub-items. If items are inserted into a group which have been marked as "already delivered" or "already invoiced", the items do not receive the corresponding status. Only after the identifier has been removed at the group level, the items are linked to the corresponding status. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain position groups. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain position groups. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group" regarding Input window - Service provider group - Work certificate: The service provider groups, also called work certificate groups, differ from normal order groups in that an employee who is to carry out work can be entered and booked here with a planned date and a planned working time. This group thus serves the capacity planning of employee resources. It represents the planned requirements. In offers the indicator"Reserve demand" can be set, so that the booking of working time can be reserved already in the offer status. If an order is then created from the quotation, the quotation group is automatically booked out and from now on only the order group is booked, so that the capacity requirement is not booked twice. If the order group is deleted, the quotation group is automatically booked again. See also the topic on service provider groups and capacity planning in general Attention: The capacity of the group remains booked in the employee requirement until it receives the indicator "Closed"! Special features of capacity planning via service provider groups: If several successive service provider groups are scheduled for an employee and the end date of the first group is postponed due to rescheduling, all subsequent service provider groups that do not have the "Fixed scheduling" indicator are also automatically postponed! Service provider groups are scheduled on the basis of the capacity available to the employee. This capacity is reduced by the time entries booked on that day and by other groups scheduled for an earlier start date. The setting for capacity planning in the client plays a role here: If day-based scheduling is activated, the employee must already have specified how much working time is available to him daily in the desired period. If this has not been done, an error message is displayed during dispatching. Using this method via the client, the day-specific scheduling can even be switched off completely. Furthermore, it is possible to preset via the client whether follow-up work should generally be dynamically postponed or not. This is the description of the functionality of the module "ordergrp" with the name "Position group" regarding Input window - component variant group: Component variant groups are input simplifications for several identical parts in different variations. The item variant group can either be created manually via the order tree or from an existing order item via the "Create item variant group" button. In addition, the component variant group for textiles has a size grid which selects the size attribute of the part selected via the group, extracts the enum table from it and displays all entries as input fields. Then only the quantities (without units) have to be entered into the size fields and the positions generated with ALT-S. The entered quantities are retained even after the mask is closed, so that a quantity can be added or changed again for a size. When saving, the system checks whether there is already an order item in the size and if so, only the quantity is adjusted. Attention! When moving items from the bottom to the top in the item variant group: The order tree in the background cannot notice this change, therefore the order on the order tree remains at the old status, although the order was saved correctly! To update the list, switch to the list view once via the button and then back to the tree view again The component variant group uses a selection of characteristics of the sales article for fast processing and displays these for each item in the variant data list. The quantity and all these characteristics can be quickly adjusted for all items by double-clicking. After processing, the system must determine any existing sub-parts that have resulted from the newly set characteristics. For this purpose it is important that the group is saved before leaving. A prompt is displayed when closing the window if characteristics have been changed and not yet saved. The selection of characteristics can be changed in the group by pressing the button above the variant data list can be changed. This changed sequence is saved for the group which has just been changed. If the preselection is to be changed generally for the sales part, it can also be changed directly in the sales item role by pressing the button can be adjusted above the list of object characteristics.