This is the description of the module "orderAllocationResolve" with the name "Order resolution": With this module, for order items to be produced, their master bills of materials, previously defined in the master or flexibly on the technical release window, can be exploded order-specifically according to its specifications.All distinctive characteristics from the order item up to the order header are used for the evaluation of conditional parts list items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "orderAllocationResolve" with the name "Order resolution" regarding List window: The 'Order' button opens the 'Bill of materials to be created' window. After you have entered an order number, all items of the order are listed that can be exploded. You can then select these individually or via the menu item 'Edit - Positions - Select all positions'. When you then press the "OK" button, all marked positions are transferred to the "Parts list generation" window. Of course, you can also drag and drop order items directly into this window. However, these items must have the status "Create parts list", otherwise a cancellation message appears. You can edit the items that now appear in the list with regard to their BOM explosion again by double-clicking in the item editing window ; you can define a one-time special BOM, change the characteristics if the traffic light on the order header is still red (order is not yet released) and store release texts. After you have checked all items, you can explode the items with the button 'Explode bill of material' or via the menu item 'Explode - Bill of material'. The individual items can be edited via the menu item 'Edit - Maintain order item' or the parts list can be revised via the item 'Edit - Generated parts list - Maintain'. If the individual parts have been assigned characteristic features, the system queries missing dependencies. If you enter dependencies that the system cannot classify, the system issues an error message. You can then, for example, use the button 'Triggering parts list' to jump to the master parts list and view the corresponding dependencies. If the items have been assigned the corresponding bill of material, the bill of material is forwarded to the following positions via the menu item 'Release bill of material'. The status of the sub-items of the stock order changes to "Check design".