This is the description of the module "plusbutton" with the name "Buttons with plus symbol": This documentation refers to the functions of the following buttons: Symbol Function Create a new requisition Extend requirement coverage request Create new stock order Extend warehouse order Create a new order Extend order These buttons appear at different places in ClassiX®, but always have the same function and behaviour. The functionality of these "plus" buttons is explained in general terms and illustrated using the example of the requirement request. This is the description of the functionality of the module "plusbutton" with the name "Buttons with plus symbol" regarding Introduction: Basically two of the buttons shown above always belong together. As can be seen above, the only difference between the two buttons that belong together is an additional plus sign. The respective function is correspondingly: Without plus sign something new is created, with plus sign something existing is extended. This is the description of the functionality of the module "plusbutton" with the name "Buttons with plus symbol" regarding Creation: The behaviour of the "normal" button is very simple: First of all it is checked whether items are selected in the corresponding list. If this is not the case, you will receive a message and the process will be aborted. If items are already marked, the next step is to check whether a window with a requirement request is already open. If not, you will be asked whether you want to create a new requirement coverage request with x items. If you click on "Yes" here, the request will be created. If you click on "No", the process is cancelled. If a window with a different requirement is already open, you will also receive a security query. It is pointed out that a requirement request with the number xxx is already open and you are asked whether you want to create a new requirement. With "Yes" this new requirement coverage request is then created. Click on "No" to cancel the process. This is the description of the functionality of the module "plusbutton" with the name "Buttons with plus symbol" regarding Expand: First of all - as with the "normal" button - it is checked whether entries of the corresponding list are marked. If this is not the case, the process is aborted with a note. If entries are already marked, the next step is to check whether a window with a different stock request is open. If this is not the case, this button behaves exactly like the "normal" button (see above). If another requirement coverage request is already open in a window, a confirmation prompt appears asking whether requirement coverage request no. xxx should be extended. You can cancel the process with "No". By clicking on "Yes", you can extend the request by the marked items.