This is the description of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge": Prices Create/edit Important notes Complex price Complex discount/supplement Test prices Price history/validity list Copy buffer. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Prices Create/edit: In ClassiX® there are three, for sales articles even four, possibilities to edit a price. The desired option can be selected via the context menu of the price button selectable. Important notes Before editing a price, check whether it is necessary to move the old price to the price history and create a new one. If this is not done, the pricing of old offers / orders and also orders cannot be tracked. The entry of a conditional discount/surcharge table may not have any discounts/surcharges itself. Only one price, no matter on which level, may be extended/nested. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Complex price: A price can be defined as a chain of any length (mainly in master data) and then represents a basic price with increase/decrease prices and discounts/surcharges. The chain can be edited in this module in list form. The following terms are used to describe such a prize:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Example:: Price as a price scale depending on the NWIDTH feature (nominal width) plus an additional price according to the design (DESIGN feature) minus a 1% discount: (See detailed example, here the values at NWIDTH = 600mm, DESIGN="two air inlets"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Complex discount/supplement: A discount or surcharge can also be defined as a chain of any length, in which case the first link does not differ in its functionality from other links. Example: discount -3% - 1% + 1,00 € A result of this complex price can be tested via the lower part of the window as described below. Please note: Prices with conditions are calculated in the orders as follows: Unit price * quantity + conditions = total value Example: 5,50 € / 1 piece * 20 pieces + 15 % = total value. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Test prices: To test prices with conditional discounts or generally conditional prices, it is possible to add object characteristics to the object characteristics list. In this way, the price can be tested for different constellations and quantities. Only the price per unit is always displayed, which is the total sum resulting from the entered quantity and unit price! (Example: Maybe the price per unit will change if you want to buy 100 pieces) The attributes are saved in a temporary data field on the price and are therefore available unchanged the next time the user enters the price. If the characteristics are to be determined again from the owner, the adjacent button must be pressed. All characteristics are then deleted and redrawn from the owner. If it is a part roll that does not have its own material characteristics, they are drawn from the main part. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Price history/validity list: If a price changes in the course of time, you can of course simply overwrite the old price. In this case, however, it is the case that you do not have an overview of how the price has developed over a period of time. To be able to record this movement as well, the prices can be provided with validities. You don't just double click on the price and change it, but press the "New" button at the bottom of the window. A small menu opens, which offers the possibility to create an exact copy of the price. The old price is invalidated by the validity date and the new one is set as currently valid. Now you can change the new price and see how this price has developed in the validity list. The following example shows a possible price history: It is shown here that the price from 17.04.2003 to 20.04.2003 was calculated from a price table, which was also clearly broken down here. On 21.04.2003 this price has changed so that always a price with a discount (10%) was valid. Whether the discount is based on list price or net can be seen in the list. The blue heading tries to show the price in its completeness. If this is not possible due to complex prices, only the heading Price table is displayed, followed by a complete breakdown. The individual links of a price chain are shown in green. Next to price tables are the "unfolded" symbols, followed by a breakdown of the individual prices and conditions. By double-clicking on the blue line, the editing window will open, allowing you to edit this price. When creating a new price with new validity - manually in individual cases or automatically during a price increase run - the plausibility of the price history is checked by checking whether the validity of the new price overlaps with the validity of an existing price. If this is the case, the price change is terminated with an error message. The validity of the prices can also be changed via the editing window of the prices. Here the plausibility of the prices is also checked. The message of the overlapping of two price validities is only displayed as a warning message, so that the validity of the price that is not currently being edited can be adjusted if necessary. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Copy buffer: Using the copy buffer, which can be called up from the menu, individual discounts or surcharges can be copied into other prices of other parts. However, the main price cannot be copied because there can only be one in the list and this cannot be deleted from the list. In this way, complex discount price tables can be copied very quickly. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain complex prices or discounts/surcharges. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Editing window of prices and costs: Processing of costs and prices This window is very similar to the input window described above, except that wherever the value is displayed or edited, one (purchase cost for a purchased part) or two (standard cost of material and labour for a manufactured part) cost fields are displayed simultaneously. Which cost fields are displayed is controlled by the logistics indicator. The part roles, which are responsible for the costs and prices, are also displayed in the module. The prices and costs can then be edited directly from the module. In doing so, the editor should note that he directly changes the data of the roles. When switching the price type (value per quantity, formula, percent, table), the price/cost type of the roll is also changed automatically. If different price/cost types are found, the user will be informed by two red dots. The red text also indicates the different value types. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Creation of price tables for costs and prices: This module offers the simplest way to create price tables for costs and prices, as prices are usually linked to the same conditions as costs. Normally the agent would go into the sales role and create the price table and do the same for the material and labour costs of the production role. He would therefore have to create three almost identical tables. Using the module for parallel editing of prices and costs the following steps are sufficient. First of all, the type of the prices must be set to "Table". Then the button can be used to open the module for editing a price table. The columns are created identically to the "normal" price tables. The only difference is that in this price table there is not only the column for the price but also the column for the costs. In the background, the step that only has to be done once here is automatically carried out for all price and cost tables. So you can go back to the parts roll and you will only find one (the normal) price table here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Price history: This window displays the price history. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Price history: Graphic display of the price development. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Simulative price-cost comparison: Through this window it is possible to compare sales prices and costs of a part where the structure of the complex pricing is different. This is the description of the functionality of the module "PriceDiscount" with the name "Complex price or discount and surcharge" regarding Option window: Use the option window to set the default settings. If, for example, prices of several articles are changed and the new price is always only valid from the turn of the year, the changeover date, which is preset with the session date, can be overwritten.