This is the description of the module "processes_basisfkt" with the name "System - Functionality": Version security Here you will find such topics, which are available as basic functionality in the ClassiX® system to the user as well as to the developer. Because ClassiX® supports its customers in carrying out all adjustments and even programming on the system itself - and this with the guarantee of version security (if our programming guidelines are observed). Version security Numbers, dates and calendar The basis for this is our industrialised software production, for which all basic data such as number and date formats are fully pre-defined and can be used immediately in the applications without additional programming. In addition, new data fields can be defined at any time and the existing applications can be modified and extended in a version-safe manner to ensure high flexibility of the system. A flexibility that not only ensures a quick adaptation to the requirements of a company at the beginning of the implementation of ClassiX®, but also enables a continuous improvement process (KVP/Kaizen). Numbers and values Date and calendar Phone and email Data and applications Internationalisation If ClassiX® applications are to be used on the one hand for an internationally oriented business and on the other hand from an international environment (foreign branches, access of foreign customers to the ClassiX® system via Internet or terminal server), then a Internationalisation of the system is indispensable. Object access and navigation The use of an object-oriented database opens up much more convenient ways of making the information stored in the database available. In contrast to the usual search for data in relational databases (SQL), in object-oriented databases the user navigates directly from one piece of information to the next, which brings a significant speed advantage and greater transparency. Object access and navigation Reporting Although the focus of ClassiX® applications is based on a screen dialogue, evaluations and reports must also be available in print form. Reporting Regeneration and replication The ClassiX® database can be copied and also restored as a single file at any time, which makes both data backup and restoration very simple and efficient. Regeneration and replication System messages This machine generates messages to users when events occur. Messages for new events can be created by simply calling the message in the InstanView code. System messages.