This is the description of the module "processes_unitarithm" with the name "Numbers and values": Almost all figures of an enterprise have a measure unit. Examples are the stock of an item in the warehouse, which is shown in its (stock) unit of measure (130kg) or the price of an item that is managed in one currency per (price) unit of measure (15.20€/piece). Therefore, in ClassiX® all numbers with units - also called values - are represented with a data type or object (CX_VALUE) developed especially for this purpose. In addition to the number (e.g. 3), this object also holds its unit, e.g. "piece", i.e. "3 pieces". The numbers can be 15 places before and 8 places after the decimal point, the number of decimal places is also held by the value object. You can only calculate with values of different units if the units are compatible with each other, i.e. the units are the same, can be derived from each other (e.g. m for metres and mm for millimetres) or can be converted using a table of units: 1 pallet holds 30 cartons, each carton contains 6 bottles. Such conversions are necessary if, for example, a price per bottle applies, but is only delivered in cartons. All physical units of measurement are defined in ClassiX® in a central table of units, e.g. km, m, cm, mm for a length specification or t, kg, g, mg for a weight specification. In addition, own unit conversion tables can be registered, e.g. for parts, in order to make a conversion of quantity and price indications as shown above or to indicate the specific weight. In addition, most international currency units are also stored in the system as standard: Yen, British pound, US dollar. There are separate currency tables for these, which can also be automatically compared with the exchange rates issued by the European Central Bank via the Internet, for example. Missing currencies - or other units - can be defined as desired in the system. If the system uses such values, e.g. quantity times price in an order item or other calculations in formulas, then all calculations are automatically based on the units: 5cm + 1m results in e.g. 105cm or 15 cartons * 8,00€/bottle results in a total value of 720,00€ according to the above example of 6 bottles/carton. An own, comprehensive unit arithmetic determines how numbers and their units are calculated in ClassiX®. Therefore, it is possible to work with any units in ClassiX® without having to adapt the program code, the flexibility of the system is increased.