This is the description of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data": Master data Sales set Articles for sale spare parts Terms and conditions Terms of payment Part payments Discounts Packaging Freight Pricing Shipping method Warranty delivery time Binding period. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Master data: As usual, the master data of the sales department consists of a customer master and an article master. In ClassiX® the customer base is accessed via the 'Customer' icon. This opens the search mask of the customer base from which you can select existing customers or create new customers by clicking on 'New'. The article master consists of the sales types, sales articles, spare parts and service articles. This makes it possible to transparently display even products that are manufactured in many variants. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Sales set: Sales types can, for example, be end products that are made up of several assemblies. Conditional individual parts in sets Conditional individual parts can be included in sets. Characteristics can be assigned to these conditional individual parts, which later appear in the offer or order items. If no characteristics were entered for these conditional individual parts, the quotation or order item automatically takes the characteristics of the selected individual part from the parts master. Characteristics of the lower parts When sub-parts are added to sets, all characteristics of the selected part are copied from the part master into the characteristics of the new sub-position of the set. These can now be set as desired and are then valid for all quotation/order items created from this set, if the characteristics have not been explicitly defined and thus overwritten. Calculation and quantity calculation for main and sub-items There are five types (Types) of how subitems are assembled with the main item (see the "Type" field displayed on the first tab "Offer/Order item" if a main item has been loaded); this defines the pricing rules and quantity calculation. Description: (see order item) Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Articles for sale: Sales articles are, for example, individual assemblies that make up the final product. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding spare parts: Spare parts can, for example, be the parts that make up the individual assemblies. You can create these parts via the menu item 'Products' - 'Sales' - 'Spare parts'. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Terms and conditions: Fixed terms and conditions can be easily integrated into offers and orders or can be linked to the customer base by including them in the terms and conditions of individual customers. Using the menu bar and the item 'Basic data - Terms and conditions - Sales', new terms and conditions can be created or edited for the items specified there. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Terms of payment: In ClassiX® payment terms can belong to both purchase and sale. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Part payments: In addition to the usual payment conditions, such as 14 days 2% discount / 30 days net, it is possible to create partial payment conditions in the system. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Discounts: With this module you can define discount rates and then apply them to quotations or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Packaging: With this module you can define surcharges for packaging and then transfer them into quotations or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Freight: With this module you can define different texts for freight charges in order to subsequently transfer them into offers or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Pricing: With this 'module' you can, for example, define recurring types of price setting in order to subsequently transfer them into offers or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Shipping method: With this module, you can define different types of dispatch in order to subsequently transfer them into offers or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Warranty: With this module, you can define various warranty texts, which can then be incorporated into quotations or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding delivery time: With this module you can define different texts for delivery times, in order to subsequently transfer them into quotations or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_masterdata" with the name "Sales - Master data" regarding Binding period: With this module you can define different texts for binding periods in order to subsequently transfer them into offers or orders. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use.