This is the description of the module "processes_dateproc" with the name "Date processing": Besides numbers and values, dates and deadlines are the most frequently used data (fields) in a company. These should therefore be represented as realistically as possible. A "simple" date defines a day in the annual calendar, but the way it is represented depends on the country: in Germany, a date is represented in the form DDMMYYY or DDMMYYYY (D=day, M=month, Y=year), in the United States in the form MMDDYY or MMDDYYYY. These country specific settings are fully supported in ClassiX速 and are part of the internationalisation of the system. Such a "simple" date is represented in ClassiX速 by an object of the type CX_DATE, which rejects wrong data, such as "30 February", already when it is entered. Leap years are fully supported. Entries such as "today", "yesterday" or "tomorrow" are allowed and are converted into a correct date depending on the set session date. If dates are to be given as dates, often from-to dates are given, which also include the usual details such as "32.KW05" (the period from 8.8.05 to 14.8.05), "April 2005" (1.4.2005 - 30.4.05) or "1st quarter 2005" (1.1.2005 - 31.3.2005). ClassiX速 supports these dates (objects of type CX_SPAN_DATE), which can also be used as "to date" (without from) or as "from date" (without to). Much of a company's information is only valid for a limited period of time, i.e. it is either valid from a date, until a date or only within a certain period of time. Depending on the set validity date, these objects are displayed or automatically hidden from the list views. In addition to the general annual calendar stored in ClassiX速 , public holidays can be stored in the location-specific data. As "free" days, this information also describes the company calendar(s) to be defined for a company.The periodisation of all company data for statistical or accounting purposes is done by defining financial years. Financial years that deviate from the annual calendar and so-called abbreviated financial years are supported in this process.