This is the description of the module "processes_bprocextjobsched" with the name "Extended workbench": Description Process description Finding open external work sequences Ordering of external work sequences and provision of own equipment Goods receipt posting for external work sequences Completion notification of the external work sequence Return loop. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocextjobsched" with the name "Extended workbench" regarding Description: Many manufacturing processes require work to complete a part or an assembly that your own company cannot provide (e.g. special surface finishing such as galvanising). For this purpose, ClassiX® offers the possibility to integrate external work sequences into work plans. It is also possible that the work is to be carried out completely by an external company. The external manufacturer needs all the material of the production stage, whether pre-assembled or not, to carry out the work. For all these cases the external work sequences are suitable. If only a part of the parts list is to be sent to the external manufacturer because he procures or owns the rest of the required parts himself, it is more advisable to declare the part not as a production part with external work sequence, but as a purchased part with self-supply. Description of provided parts. Each workstation can contain resources in the form of machines, work groups or suppliers. These resources assigned to the work centre in this way can be used freely on the routing as soon as the work centre has been selected on the routing item. Since routings themselves are only assigned to the part to be produced (the part to be finished, e.g. water pump), but the purchase order for the external work must be created via another part or unit of activity (e.g. unit of activity galvanising), the order article via which the external work is ordered can also be specified on the work sequence. The external work sequence therefore contains the following data, which makes it the external work sequence:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocextjobsched" with the name "Extended workbench" regarding Process description: Finding the external work sequences The production work sequences later exploded from these master routings appear in the worklist of the work centre specified on the work sequence. Ordering the external work from the external service provider From the worklist, the toolbar button for the external work sequences the orders are generated automatically. Since the supplier must also receive the parts to be processed for the work to be carried out in the order, a self-supply of the parts to be processed can be created from the generated order. This can now be printed out as a delivery note. Goods receipt posting Now that the supplier has received the parts and the corresponding order and has completed his work, he sends the goods back. This is now booked via a goods receipt in the company. If the ordered external work is a part/service unit marked as quality assurance, the finished part must now go to quality assurance. If quality assurance now releases the parts, the incoming goods can be brought to the assembly department and made available. Completion notification of the external work sequence With the provision of the goods receipt, the external work sequence is then regarded as completed and is booked out of the work queue. However, it may also be that external work sequences should not be finalised through the usual channels, as they had already been completed for a year and were not properly accounted for. For this purpose it is also possible to report the work sequences in the same way as internal work sequences via PDC recording or PDC status change ready. However, it must be noted that in this case the costs of the external work sequence do not accumulate in the order post-calculation. Return loop In the event that the external service was not satisfactory and the QS has not approved any or only a partial quantity, the parts can be sent back to the external service provider by return document and revised. For this purpose, either a new purchase order can be created with another supplier or a second goods receipt can be posted simply when the goods have arrived again.