This is the description of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing": Work preparation 1.1 Workstations 1.2 Working groups 1.3 Machines Manufacturing parts Work plans Stock order Parts list generation Parts Disposition Construction contract Part status Print type plates Pre-calculation of parts Production planning orders Production status orders BDE hours. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 1.1 Workstations: With this module, you can enter your various workstations in the system and combine them into workshops, for example. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding Working groups: With this module you can combine individual employees into groups. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding Machines: With this module you can record your operating resources. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding production parts: The production part or production service is a part roll and contains the relevant production data. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 3. work plans: Work plans describe the work steps that must be carried out to produce a manufacturing part. A task list consists of sequences of operations, which in turn may have a task list. Each sequence of operations describes which workstations and which machines are required for the production of the part and for how long. There are two types of items: The basic heading includes an operation, a work station and a machine, and the times required for production are recorded. An upper is a conditional list of basic headings. When exploding the routing, the first item whose condition is fulfilled is used. A somewhat special case of a routing item, i.e. a work sequence, is an external work sequence. Here, you must first select a work center to which external suppliers are assigned as resources. Then you have to select a unit of activity as the order item that is defined for this same vendor. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding warehouse order: With this module you can place production parts that are to be produced for the warehouse. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 5. generation of parts lists: With this module you can store parts lists in order items and explode them. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding parts disposition: With this module, released (order-specific) production parts lists are selected before or for the creation of a gozintograph and combined to a common production lot/order network. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding construction contract: This module is used to maintain production orders. The items of a production order determine with quantity and date all the parts that are to be produced in the company itself. In general, production orders with their positions are automatically generated from the parts request. Only one production order (a collective order) is generated from a parts request (with the exception of latecomers). The main task is first to define the routing for each individual production order item. These are generated production-specific from the master routings (Explode routing). In the same step, the respective start and end times of each work sequence are determined by means of backward scheduling, taking into account the controlled throughput times. The end dates as well as the lead times can be adjusted manually for each individual work sequence. In this window you have the possibility to cancel production order items, even if they are not yet finished and their superior production order items are already cancelled. You can view and process their cancelled predecessor parts request items in the window Canceled parts request items. For cancellation you have to select the menu item Edit/Items, there you will find the submenu item for cancellation of the selected items. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 9. print type plates: Via the menu item 'Activities - Production - Print type plates' you can print e.g. stickers for your products. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding preliminary parts calculation: This module is used for the pre-calculation of parts from the parts master. The main screen - from which the preliminary costing is carried out - has three windows: the window with the list of parts to be calculated (parts), a window with attributes (attributes) and a window with cost rates (cost rates). Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 11. production planning orders: This list should be the basis for the coordination between sales and production and thus the starting point for the timely scheduling of sales orders in production. Furthermore, it offers the possibility to evaluate the commissioned, performed or still to be performed service of a production company as a whole (see option Performance). As a basis for this production planning, sales order items can be listed here by means of various global selection criteria (see Tabular parts, characteristics, other restrictions) or direct individual selection. The core data displayed includes customer, parts, quantity, price and date information for the individual items. In addition, the resource allocation (which can be switched on and off via an option) can be listed (also controllable via an option as target, actual and open times). Since by default a sorting according to the production date of the individual items with corresponding subtotals is carried out, a target, actual or still open debit of the production from sales orders is displayed, sorted by date. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 12. production status orders: You can check the production status for individual jobs via the production status. The list can be shortened by selecting the different workstations. The different menu items and buttons give you the possibility to jump directly from the list e.g. to the production order, the parts master or to the capacity overview. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_production" with the name "Manufacturing" regarding 13. BDE hours: With this module, the production hours confirmed for a selected period can be output. By default, these are output in the list type "Workstations" (see menu Options) and in total per cost centre (can be switched off via menu Options). A total sum is also displayed. (confirmations with time zero are generally suppressed) Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use.