This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_serinumber" with the name "Serial numbers - Processes" regarding General: A serial number is a unique string of characters used to identify a part of a series. They can be found on all types of products and are used for warranty purposes, quality control, detection of stolen goods and counterfeits. The term is also used when referring to alphanumeric identifiers which are used for unique identification. The aim is to seamlessly document all movements and processing of each serial numbered part. In this way information can be provided at any time for a clearly identifiable part. Via the document history, the individual processing stages of the parts with the respective serial numbers can be traced and viewed transparently. This includes, for example, information about which part of a series was stored at which storage location. But also how and when it was processed and where it was delivered to under certain circumstances. In order to define a part in ClassiX as serial number managed, the option "Serial number managed part" must be set via the logistics account in the group warehouse account. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_serinumber" with the name "Serial numbers - Processes" regarding Serial numbers at the storage place: The identification "Serial number managed part" means that the serial numbers of the moving parts are carried along with the goods receipt and all stock entries. For goods receipt this is still optional under the option "bound serial numbers". At the latest at storage, transfer and removal from stock of serially guided parts, a recording of the serial numbers in the amount of the quantity is mandatory. When posting the documents, the serial numbers are automatically assigned to or removed from the parts warehouse account depending on the stock movement. This functionality ensures that at any time in the system it is possible to identify which serial numbers are located in which storage bins. In addition, it is possible to see how a serial number was further processed via the stock removal and its predecessors. If a part is only defined as a serial number-maintained part at a later date, manual reworking of the serial numbers and their allocation to the storage locations is also possible. Via the input window of the serial numbers under the point "Business objects" -> "Insert" -> "Stock account part" the part including the stock account can be defined as serial number managed part and thus serial numbers can be assigned to this part afterwards. During stocktaking, the system checks whether the number of serial numbers assigned to the partial storage bin account corresponds to the quantity counted. If this is not the case, the serial numbers of the counted parts must be assigned to the inventory item. By posting the inventory, the serial numbers on the partial storage bin account are then automatically adjusted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_serinumber" with the name "Serial numbers - Processes" regarding Serial number guided parts without stock guide: In addition to the "normal" serial number managed parts, where the complete logistics chain is documented and the batches in the warehouse are managed separately, there is also the possibility of creating serial number managed parts, where the serial number is only recorded once at the time of removal from stock. The document history then shows which serial number has been used in which orders. Serial number-managed parts without stock management are defined via the logistics account as serial number-managed parts "Only on removal from stock". When recording a removal from stock, the serial numbers must be indicated corresponding to the number of serial number-managed parts to be removed from stock, otherwise the removal from stock cannot be booked.