This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding You want to change the part on a sales order item.: For this purpose, it is necessary to differentiate the procurement type of the old referenced part, as different conditions and procedures result:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding Purchase section: If a requirement request has already been created for this order item to be changed, it is no longer possible to make direct changes to the order item. In order to be able to change the part anyway, the requirement request and any existing order must be deleted or cancelled. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding Stock section: It is possible to change the quantity after the technical release of the order item. However, if a stock withdrawal has already been created for this order item to be changed, no direct change to the order item is possible. In order to be able to change the part anyway, the goods withdrawal document must be deleted. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding Production part: If the parts list of an order item has already been exploded, no direct change to the part of the order item is permitted. If a gozintograph has not yet been generated for the parts list, the complete parts list can be deleted - provided that it has not yet been extensively extended/edited. Then the part can be changed and the parts list can be exploded again. If the parts list can no longer be deleted because either a parts request has already been created or the parts list has been elaborately adapted, the following steps must be taken:(If the parts list has not yet been further processed, the order item quantity must be changeable, the parts list quantity must then be automatically adjusted as well!). This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding The staged quantity of an order item is to be assigned to another, still open order item because the original order item is no longer required: This requires a differentiation of the procurement type of the old referenced part, as different conditions and procedures result:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding Purchase section: Only the route via interim storage is possible which is explained here in individual steps:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_changesalesitemItem" with the name "Change management - sales order item" regarding Stock section: Open and delete goods withdrawal document via document history. If this is not possible, simply select the item in the goods withdrawal document header and select the menu item "Edit - Set quantities to zero on selected items". The provided quantity of the order item is now reduced, which makes it possible to cancel the order item.