This is the description of the module "processes_bpordercalculation" with the name "Business processes - Sales - Accompanying order costing": Especially in the project management of work orders it is difficult to estimate/calculate costs and control costs. This problem is minimised in ClassiX by an accompanying order calculation, starting in the project planning and ending with the completion of the work. The aim of the accompanying job costing is Overview of the cost and revenue situation at any point in time during project execution Specification of the costs parallel to the status of the technical project processing In order to realise the objectives of the accompanying order calculation, the expected costs are determined at every stage of project execution. This results in the following costs at different milestones of the processing. Target0 costs Target 1 costs Target 2 costs Plan-Actual Actual costs Level Cost unit (project) Offer Mission Mission Mission Granularity Part classes / statistics groups Estimated/experienced values Order item-specific or fixed costs for groups Standard procurement costs of the part (EK/production role) or estimated costs defined in the item/group. Exact order position Exact order position costs actually incurred Amount Costs, revenues Costs, revenues Costs, revenues Costs, revenues Actual costs, actual revenues Designation Project planning/project engineering preliminary calculation preliminary calculation Evaluation of the follow-up documents (orders, parts lists) Post Calculation Sources of error Error in the project planning Engineering, elaboration too expensive Production, implementation too expensive Target0 - Costs In the project, planned costs can be determined using the resources used in the network. At this level, costs (target0) are specified separately according to statistics groups. Thus, no detailed calculation is necessary to determine these costs, but rather to estimate the costs for groups such as assemblies, engineering, commissioning and similar groups. Two types of resources can be scheduled in the project planning. On the one hand there are resources which are later found in target1 of the quotation and target2 of the order. In this way the costs for sales items planned in the quotation (target1 costs) and order (target2 costs) can be compared with the target0 costs of the resources of the project via their statistics group. On the other hand, there are also overhead cost resources. These include costs which cannot be determined on the basis of "normal" order items, but which generally burden the project/order. For example, these can be engineering hours or project manager hours. These types of costs are recorded via the work certificates in the order. In addition to the advantage of cost control, the use of the work certificate also has the advantage of keeping track of the capacity of the project managers and designers. Target1 / Target2 In target1 we are on the level of the offer, in target2 on that of the order. At this point, the scope of delivery and services is defined by the specification of sales items. Thus, there is no longer an estimation of the costs, but on the basis of the standard procurement costs / standard production costs of the parts, a very precise target 1 / target 2 is determined. For new designs, the costs can also be determined via a preliminary calculation. Especially during the preparation of the quotation, where the scope of delivery may not yet be determined by sales items, quotation groups can be calculated with fixed planned costs, for example, without the need to define the groups with specified items. Only in a new version of the quotation or in the order would these fixed costs then no longer apply and be replaced by the sum of the costs of all group items. Both in the offer and especially in the order, a commercial view of the information competes strongly with a technical view. For example, an article that has been offered to the customer cannot be used for the realisation of the work from a technical point of view. This means that the order can change during the course of the project, which leads to the problem that the target costs change without a statement about the development of the costs can be made. In the quotation, this problem is solved by different quotation versions. In the order this happens in a similar way, for example, a predecessor of an offer can be created from an "order version". The costs of the order can then be compared with those of the offer. Another advantage is that the order confirmation can be printed with the items of this offer. When comparing target 1 and target 2 costs, it is important that the structure does not change significantly during the course of order processing. This is the only way to ensure, for example, that the target1 costs of a group in the last quotation version can be compared with the target2 costs of the successor group in the order. This means the following for order processing: 1. there is an offer in Classix 1.a The offer has been structurally correctly prepared by the sales department and can be immediately included in the order. 1.b The offer is structurally not in order. The order processor therefore creates a new version of the quotation with the correct structure and transfers this into the order. 2. there is no offer in ClassiX The order processor creates the order completely and generates a quotation "backwards" from it. This is used to create the order confirmation. Result: à The AB is in all cases frozen over the offer and is not influenced by further order processing. à When transferring the quotation into the order or when generating the quotation from the order the target 1 is "frozen". à The last version of the quotation that was transferred to the order is used to create the AB. Plan-Actual The target 1 / target 2 costs and the corresponding revenues result in a margin that is targeted for the order. The planned/actual is now an important indicator for the achievement of this goal, as the planned/actual is a forecast of the actual costs. For the calculation of the planned/actual, on the one hand the target2 costs are used, which are gradually replaced by the valuation of the costs of the successors (Gozinto, order), even before the actual costs have been incurred. Please refer to the following table for the formation of the planned/actual data. Attention: As soon as an order item has an additional order as successor, these costs are drawn as planned/actual costs of the item! The target2 costs are then ignored, even if the item is a set where the costs result from the subitems! Attention: For set items, the creation of the planned/actual data can be controlled via the order item categories ! Determination of the planned/actual data Available purchased parts If no successor exists, the plan takes the target2 value and is displayed in grey. If the order item has a successor, the order value is taken as the planned/actual value. The display is red if the planned actual value exceeds the target 2 value and green in the other case. Available production parts If no successor exists, the plan takes the target2 value and is displayed in grey. After the technical release and the creation of the production order, the costs for this production order are determined and accepted as planned/actual. The display is red or green, depending on the comparison to the target2. Stock goods The planned/actual stock value is always equal to the target 2 value. This is displayed in grey if no sales release has been given and then in green. (The sales release leads to the status warehouse reservation). Order overheads Those recorded in the order via work certificates. Services If a work order for a work group / employee has been created for a service item of an order, this is used to supplement the planned/actual data. The costs are calculated by multiplying the duration of the work order (not 8h/day for any duration) by the costs per hour at the work group. At group level, all plan/actual values which have been created by successors and are therefore displayed in colour (green/red) are added up. As these are not always all positions, a progress indicator (degree) is given for each node, which is calculated from the number of positions taken into account, weighted with your target 2 value on the total target 2 value of the node. Therefore it is important for the determination of the progress index that all positions have a Soll2 value. For text items and unspecified purchased parts, this should then be entered manually. On the basis of the degree of processing and the planned/actual data, a trend can now be derived. This tendency is the planned/actual to 100% extrapolated. If one assumes that the planned/actual value of a group is 75,000€, after 50% of all items have a planned/actual value, the tendency is to expect a planned/actual value of 150,000€. The direction of the trend is graphically supported. If the trend is higher than the target 2 value, the trend is marked by a red arrow pointing upwards, in the other case by a green arrow pointing downwards. A rule can be defined for the display of this indicator, so that it is only displayed, for example, if the deviation is higher than 1.000€ and greater than 10% of the target2. Actual costs See order cost evaluation.