This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 1. bearing guide: The warehouse management in ClassiX® consists of the individual storage locations which are assigned to the superordinate warehouses. Each warehouse must be created in ClassiX®. It describes a certain room, a certain building, which serves as a warehouse for parts. Within a warehouse, the individual storage locations must also be stored in the system as storage bins. In ClassiX®, warehouses and the storage bins they contain are not only textual information, but describe accounts with their respective stock values. A warehouse can be assigned a manager, an owner and/or a cost centre. The address of the manager is also the address of the warehouse. For further controls, the type of warehouse can be declared as a consignment, bonded or manual warehouse. Furthermore, warehouses can be marked as non MRP if the stocks in these warehouses are not to be taken into account in MRP from requirement and stock lists. The identification as a chaotic warehouse is used to have the system automatically assign an empty storage bin when goods are received. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 1.1 Creating a new warehouse: You can create or edit new warehouses via the menu item 'Organisation warehouses'. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 1.2 Creating storage locations: Via 'Edit - Storage bins' you can then create storage bins to which individual parts can be assigned later. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 2. stock/requirements list: In the B&B list you can see the demand and stock of parts. For example, you can see if the minimum stock level is not reached. In the B&B list not only the current stock is evaluated but also the planned (dispositive) movements are taken into account. It is also possible to check the planned movements for their dates and, if necessary, to generate requirement requests or stock orders directly. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding incoming goods: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding Goods receipt posting: This module is used to record goods receipts and assign them to orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding Goods receipt note: A goods receipt slip is printed for each goods receipt and passed on with the goods. The goods receipt slip contains all data from the order. If the goods have been requested for an order, the order item is printed, in the case of warehouse parts the warehouse and storage location and in the case of consumables / capital goods the cost centre/investment number. In addition, the text and any characteristics are taken from the parts master. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 3.3 Unclear incoming goods: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding storage: After posting the goods receipt or quality control, stock parts are booked to the corresponding stock account. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding removal: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding relocation: You can transfer goods from one storage bin to another. The storage bins do not have to be in the same warehouse. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 7. quality assurance: Recording of the quality assurance documents. All goods receipt items which are subject to QA at the time of posting must be checked by the quality assurance department before they can be put into storage. QS obligatory means that they bear the QS mark on the part or on one of the requisition, purchase order or goods receipt documents at the specified time. The indicator is frozen during posting, so that subsequent changes do not generate errors in the workflow. On the delivery schedule of a QA part order, the quantity still to be inspected is saved when the goods receipt is posted (inAssurance.quantity). This quantity is reduced by the inspected quantity when a subsequent QA document is posted. The storage account also shows this quantity still to be checked. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding provision: In order to be able to deliver products to customers or to be able to produce in a manufacturing plant at all, it must be guaranteed that the parts required for this are available at the right place at the desired time: This is called provision. This module is used for the display/further processing of parts to be provided or already provided within the logistics supply chain in a company. On the one hand, it is possible to differentiate between external demand triggers (sales order items) or internal demand triggers (storage and production orders). (For further selection options according to storage bins or only open documents, see below) A provision must therefore be made not only for the dispatch of goods, but also within the company within the framework of production. To be provided: Depending on the logistical identification (purchased or manufactured part) and the type of provision (non-stock-keeping or stock-keeping with corresponding special forms such as JIT, etc.) of a part, parts are supplied to the logistical business process from The programmatic execution of the provision from purchase requisitions - carried out by employees of the incoming goods department - and the provision from production orders - possibly carried out by employees of a final inspection - are not absolutely necessary, but they facilitate the control over the whereabouts of parts. The provision from stock reservations - carried out by employees of the warehouse - leads in the standard system to the creation of stock withdrawal documents (stock removal documents). If the corresponding programme steps for provision have been carried out, the part requests are automatically transferred to the next state (status): Provided: Analogous to the states of the parts to be provided, the following states result here The state "dispatch" stands for those parts which are sent directly from the warehouse to dispatch for customer orders. (The part is kept in stock and the requirement trigger is a customer order) Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_stockaccounting" with the name "Warehouse - Processes" regarding 9. stock list / evaluation: In this window you can get a quick overview of the current stock levels, the stock level of the last or the annual inventory. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use.