This is the description of the module "processes_docind_purchase" with the name "Procurement documents": Procurement documents are documents which are automatically provided to the supplier during an ordering process. These may be drawings or other specifications of requirements, for example. Compilation and display of documents Delivery of documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_docind_purchase" with the name "Procurement documents" regarding Compilation and display of documents: The sending of procurement documents can be triggered manually or automatically. When triggered manually, the document is associated with either the requisition or the purchase order item. In both cases the documents can be inserted here via the group "Associations" tab "External documents". If this is done, the control indicator for these documents is automatically set to "Deliver document". If the document is not to be delivered, the control indicator must be changed accordingly. This can be the case if an offer from the supplier is to be linked to the ordering process, for example to inform the purchasing department via the requisition that an offer has already been obtained. If procurement documents are always to be sent automatically, this must be defined via the master data. Procurement documents can be stored on the order item, the supplier agreement and the supplier. In these cases, the documents are stored via the group "Document directory references" of the tab "Document master". Documents that are inserted here do not automatically receive the control indicator "Deliver document", so it must be set manually for procurement documents. Documents that have been associated with the master data and have the control indicator "Deliver document" are displayed in both the requisition and the order item in the group "Associations (master data)" of the tab "External documents". They are not displayed/considered here if the same document has already been linked to the order item. In this way, by copying the document from the master data into the item, it is also possible to overwrite the control indicator and thus not to send a document, which would normally be delivered automatically, for an order transaction. In addition to the item masks, the existence of procurement documents is also displayed in the list of approved requisitions. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_docind_purchase" with the name "Procurement documents" regarding Delivery of documents: Procurement documents are (if possible) automatically sent to the supplier with the order. Thus the delivery of the documents is controlled and carried out via the print module. As soon as the print mask is called up, it is determined whether procurement documents have been associated with the purchase order(s) or the master data (order item(s), supplier agreement, etc.) If this is the case, the setting can be made in the "Options" tab of the print mask for the type of output (letter, e-mail, fax) for which the document is to be printed/sent automatically. If no procurement documents are associated with the order, the option is disabled. When the order is issued as an e-mail, the procurement documents are attached to the e-mail as attachments. Procurement documents that could not be printed/sent automatically are displayed in the "Unsent / Printed Documents" window after the printing process. These documents can then be delivered manually from this window.