This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_lieferantenerklaerung" with the name "Supplier declaration - Processes" regarding General: Behind the keyword "supplier's declaration" is the obligation of the suppliers to make declarations on the origin of their goods. The declaration of origin is requested from the supplier by means of an origin enquiry. The supplier declaration module supports the creation of origin requests. For example, it determines which parts have to be requested from which suppliers. The A, B, C supplier identification, parts consumption, the purchase of parts from which suppliers, etc. are taken into account in order to create only the relevant origin enquiries. Once all the information has been gathered from all the suppliers of the ordered articles, this list can be printed out quickly using a report. The next step is now the preparation of the origin requests. This is done via a function call from the supplier declaration module, in which a request is created for each supplier with the relevant order articles. After the enquiries have been created, they can also be printed and sent immediately in one. The created enquiries are stored in the system and booked with the respective supplier, order item and clerk, so that they can be found easily and quickly at a later date. If a supplier then replies to an order enquiry of the type Proof of Origin or Supplier Declaration, the last applicable and still open (i.e. still inquired) order enquiry is selected via its transaction folder and the respective reply can then be entered for all, some or only individual order items. Finally, these answers can be written back to the supplier agreement for the ordered article at the push of a button from the order request window, i.e. updated. In the supplier agreement, origin indicators are provided with a validity and a history. In this way, it is also possible to issue an origin declaration for goods produced earlier. Since the origin requests are not deleted, they also provide a kind of history, which is not automatically evaluated.