This is the description of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting": Business processes 1.1 Creation of a new economic asset 1.2 Recognition of a subsequent increase in acquisition cost (addition to assets) 1.3 Recording of a disposal of assets (a) Accounting for a complete disposal of an economic good b) Accounting for a partial disposal of an economic good Evaluations 2.1 Totals list 2.2 Fixed assets schedule. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding 1. business processes: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding 1.2 Recognition of a subsequent increase in cost: Once an asset has been entered, it may be necessary to capitalise so-called subsequent acquisition costs for this asset in the same or a later year. Subsequent acquisition costs are, for example, if a roof rack is subsequently attached to a car. These costs do not constitute an independently usable asset and must therefore be added to the cost of the car. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding 1.3 Recording of a disposal of assets: (a) Accounting for a complete disposal of an asset Fixed assets that are no longer available to the company for use are to be derecognised from fixed asset accounting at their book value. (b) Accounting for a partial disposal of an asset If an asset consists of several individual parts, of which only part is disposed of as fixed assets, a partial disposal must be booked. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding 2. evaluations: The programme enables the following forms of evaluation:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding Totals list: The totals list enables an evaluation of the inventory, as it shows each individual asset with all postings of the current fiscal year. Through various options it is possible to tailor the list to your wishes. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_fixedassetaccounting" with the name "Asset Accounting" regarding Fixed assets schedule: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use.