This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_ReengineeringBOM" with the name "Conversion parts lists" regarding Conversion parts list (as a recurring process): In the case of certain, recurring, identical customer enquiries, it can make sense to produce small series of these requested parts and to keep them in stock. If this part is then requested by the customer, it can be taken directly from the warehouse and dispatched. If the customer's order differs only slightly from the stock-guided part, the stock-guided part can in some cases be converted to the desired part; e.g. the motor should have a higher power. A further, additional conversion parts list can be created for each part. This conversion parts list first contains the finished part which is to be converted. The next item on the parts list is then the part(s) that can be optionally replaced and marked with the check mark "Conversion part". By this you get a negative quantity in the list of the parts list items (only in the list view, the quantity remains positive!), see picture: The new part can also be added to the master bill of materials, but can also be added later in the exploded production bill of materials. Since the new part, which has already been entered in this example, has no fixed characteristic values (it is a variant part), the order attributes control which motor is actually to be installed instead of the 1.3KW motor. In the customer order the pump is now pulled in and stamped with the desired motor power, namely 2.7kW: On the technical release mask, the bill of material is now selected and exploded, but now the special bill of material PU_Umbau: In the exploded parts list the part to be removed is now marked: After creating the parts request (Gozintograph), the dispositions can be scheduled and checked for availability. The so-called back putaway parts are not included in the time chain, but are always scheduled for the completion date of the production order, because only then it is ensured that this part will be available again. If the part should or can no longer be stored after dismantling because it is broken or has gone missing during dismantling, the main disposition type on the part request position must be changed to "no disposition". The costs for this part are then debited to the cost object. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_ReengineeringBOM" with the name "Conversion parts lists" regarding Conversion parts list (as a one-off operation): In contrast to the recurring conversion of small series, it can also occur more frequently that conversions have to be carried out once. In this case it is unfavourable to create a master bill of material for each of these operations. For this reason it can be useful to create an empty bill of material "CONVERSION", which can be selected as a special bill of material as described above. After exploding this BOM, the production BOM only consists of the BOM header, which is displayed in red because no sub-items have been exploded. The next step is now to insert the part to be converted, which should be stocked. Then the part to be dismantled and the replacement part must be added. The part to be dismantled must be marked accordingly in the parts list item. So the steps that have been taken above in the master bill of materials are done directly in the production bill of materials. In this way, the special bill of materials can be used for any parts. After the production parts list has been completely defined as a conversion parts list, you can continue with the disposition as described above.