This is the description of the module "processes_supplierauditing" with the name "Supplier evaluation": The aim of the supplier evaluation is to be able to compare the suppliers via key performance indicators (KPI). In addition, the relationship with the suppliers can be optimised with regard to the quality in the procurement of goods, as the key performance indicators enable you to evaluate the transactions. A prerequisite for supplier evaluation is the definition of key figures. These must be transparent for both sides in order to create acceptance. Key figures for which the rules for determining the key figures are not comprehensible are unconstructive. In ClassiX the supplier evaluation is realised by a KPI Auditor. This auditor automatically monitors the order items in the background and defines the key figures. It also provides an overview of the supplier evaluation. The detailed evaluation of an individual supplier can be viewed via the KPI monitor. The transaction description of the order items is used to determine the key figures and update the supplier evaluation in real time. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_supplierauditing" with the name "Supplier evaluation" regarding Example of a supplier evaluation: The system by which the suppliers are evaluated is not specified by ClassiX, but can be defined individually. The following rule for the evaluation is therefore only an example. Each order transaction is calculated in percentage points. If the percentage points are added to all key figures, a maximum of 100 percentage points can be achieved. The following key figures are defined: The key figures are determined in real time. This means that each time the order item is saved or goods receipts or returns documents are entered, the key figures are immediately recalculated. For each order item an overview of the valuation of the order process can be called up. Via this window key figures can also be fixed or a valuation of the ordering process can be prevented. The KPI Auditor allows you to view the assessments of all suppliers. The column "Evaluation (total)" corresponds to the sum of the individual key figures. However, this is only formed if all key figures have been determined. In the following figure none of the orders of "Ich&ich GmbH" have been confirmed or delivered. As there are no key figures, a total sum is not calculated. The following blue columns are the individual key figures. If you select the evaluation of an individual supplier in the KPI Auditor, you will be taken to the detailed evaluation of the supplier. Here you can evaluate the ordering processes and the determined key figures for the exact period. On the left side of the navigation tree the periods in which order transactions were processed are displayed. When selecting a period, the left side is filled. "Evaluation (total)" describes the sum of the key figures from the period. In the list below you will find the listing of the individual key figures. In the list of order items you can see how the individual orders have been evaluated. .