This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Recording: {img fileId="259" thumb="box" width="100%"}{img fileId="261" thumb="box" width="100%"} The service call can be used to record both services to be performed(external trigger) and installation and commissioning(internal trigger). The externally triggered service call is primarily used to record the service request, the error message or the problem of the operator (customer). In addition, the assignment to the operator and the industrial plant is set. In the case of internally triggered service calls, the service to be provided is defined by the order processing department (new plants, conversions) to the service department. The assignment to the plant and the customer is made by the predecessor of the order. In addition, the value for internal cost allocation is defined via the service call. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Scheduling: {img fileId="261" thumb="box" width="100%"}{img fileId="265" thumb="box" width="100%"} From the service call, the service can now create service call items for scheduling service calls. To do this, the service to be performed is described for each item, an employee is determined who is to perform the work and the planned date is defined with a planned working time. ClassiX® supports the service by an automatic capacity planning, which can be carried out via the service call. Every service employee receives his assignments and tasks via the service call. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Implementation: {img fileId="263" thumb="box" width="100%"} Each service call position has its own number and is also valid for the service technician as a work certificate/service provider group, via which the service technician then reports back on the services he has performed (travel, installation, maintenance) and the spare parts he has used. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Settlement: {img fileId="253" thumb="box" width="100%"} In the case of internally triggered service calls, the costs are now allocated internally between the triggered and executed cost centre via a cost service posting. {img fileId="255" thumb="box" width="100%"}{img fileId="257" thumb="box" width="100%"} For externally triggered service calls, it is now defined whether the service call can be invoiced to the customer or not. In the case of invoicing, the work certificate is transferred to an invoice. If the costs are borne by the customer (warranty), the work certificate is cancelled and automatically converted into an assembly certificate. This is then posted in the financial accounting. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding General overview: {img type="fileId" fileId="251" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Spare parts enquiries: In addition to the service requests (service calls), spare parts requests(enquiries) are the second pillar for the inclusion of service requests. This document is used to document customer enquiries and is the starting point for further processing. Enquiries, if they were triggered externally, can refer to an industrial plant, a cost object or a sales order. Enquiries can be nested as deeply as desired, i.e. they can be grouped into topics or enquiry nodes, which are themselves assigned to higher-level topics or enquiry nodes. This is particularly useful when different partners (employees of the same company or third parties working on the same plant) request an enquiry on the same case. Enquiries can be used to identify this so that no different offers are made for the same incident. Enquiries are subject to a workflow that enables them to be processed by different commercial and technical team members. For example, it is conceivable that the technical processing department researches and specifies the required spare parts, while the commercial processing department is responsible for the further preparation of offers and order processing. The spare parts can be assigned directly to the enquiry, so that quotations and orders can be generated automatically. An advantage of the enquiry is that each enquiry gets a unique number (ticket number), which channels the communication with the customer and supplier (regarding technical queries). In addition, pre-fabricated emails (confirmation of receipt, queries, etc.) can be generated using stored forms. Business transactions are documented via the document history. Incoming emails can be linked to the request as document references, giving every employee access to the communication objects involved. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Maintenance invoices: Maintenance invoices are used for the automatic, periodic invoicing of maintenance flat rates, without the need to provide a service in addition to the "provision" of the maintenance in the agreed period. Maintenance flat rates are defined via an order or an order item which contains the condition category "Recurring payment". Maintenance invoices are automatically generated via the module "Accounting of due recurring payments". This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Maintenance contracts: Maintenance contracts are used to automatically create periodic service and maintenance orders. Here, too, the condition "Recurring payment" serves to define the interval at which maintenance is to be carried out cyclically. The "Due Maintenance Contracts" module is used to determine the service and maintenance contracts due and to generate the service/maintenance orders from these. The service/maintenance contract ideally defines the agreed services via service provider groups. These enable the service technicians to be scheduled directly. However, maintenance contracts do not have to be invoiced. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Breach of contract: Problems in the contractual relationship can be recorded and documented in the event of contractual faults. In the event of possible legal action, the disruptions can thus be fully traced. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocservice" with the name "Business processes - Service" regarding Spare parts list: Spare parts lists enable the listing and output of all spare parts numbers for a project. In the case of variant parts, specification numbers can also be assigned to the characteristics in order to facilitate ordering by the customer.