This is the description of the module "processes_chargen" with the name "Batch management": Creating a batch managed part Batch-guided parts without bearing guide The procurement of a batch-managed part Storage, retrieval and transfer The aim of batch management is to clearly assign parts that have been produced in a continuous production process or that have been procured in the purchasing process through a joint delivery and thus have the same characteristics to this quantity of parts. This is done by assigning a unique batch number to this quantity of goods. The task of batch management is to document which parts of which batches were used in further processing. In ClassiX, batches are managed via variant parts. This results in the following advantages: The variant part is used to limit the effort required to maintain the partial master record. There is no additional work in the disposition (the requirements and stock list and the gozintograph), because at this point in time, only the variant part is used. Only when stock bookings are made does it have to be determined which parts of which batches are to be used. As each batch leads to a new lower part with its own stock account, you get the maximum security to document the use of the batches completely. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_chargen" with the name "Batch management" regarding Creating a batch managed part: Batch managed parts must be created as variant parts. The batch number ( attribute _batchNumber) must then be defined as a characteristic of the variant part. For the individual batches, subparts are generated in which the batch numbers are marked. The subparts always have the same part number as the variant part. They also have the special feature that they are not listed in the part search. You always select the variant part first, then a separate selection mask opens for selecting the batch. Using the _dateOfExpiry attribute in the characteristics bar, you can also control whether the expiry dateof the parts is relevant. If this attribute is taken over as type characteristic, the entry of this date is mandatory when creating new batches, otherwise the entry of the expiry date is optional. In the variant part, it is necessary to select the option"Shared Dispatching Account", if necessary, this option must first be activated via the client. A common MRP account is necessary because the stock is to be ensured across all batches. The check mark "Common stock account" must NOT be set, because the stock postings may only be made via the lower parts. As a rule, batch-managed parts are stock parts and therefore have to be marked accordingly in the logistics account. In the logistics account in the group warehouse account it can be defined per option according to which criteria the stock removal should be carried out during the automatic creation (creation of a stock removal from the staging list warehouse). The option Fifo (first in first out) is preset, so that the batches that were put away first are also the batches that are removed first. The date on which the batches were created is taken into account. Alternatively, for batch-managed parts which have the attribute for the expiry date, an option can be set, according to which the batches which expire first are also those which are removed from stock first. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_chargen" with the name "Batch management" regarding Batch-guided parts without bearing guide: In addition to the "normal" batch-managed parts, where the complete logistics chain is documented and the batches in the warehouse are managed separately, it is also possible to create batch-managed parts, where the batch is only recorded once at the time of removal from storage. The document history then shows which batch numbers have been used in which orders. Batch managed parts without stock management are created as individual parts. The material characteristic of the batch number (_batchNumber) is therefore not required. Instead, the part is defined in the logistics account as a batch-managed part "Only for stock removal". When entering a removal from storage, the batch number must be indicated, otherwise the removal from storage cannot be posted. Several stock removal items of the same part must be created if parts of different batches are removed from stock. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_chargen" with the name "Batch management" regarding The procurement of a batch-managed part: With the option "joint MRP account", only the variant part appears in the requirements and stock list, for example, if the minimum stock level has not been reached. In the case of an order part, the requirement request or directly the order can now be created. At this point in the procurement process, the attribute of the batch number is no longer required, as the batch number is only known at the time of delivery. The first step when receiving the delivery should be to create the subpart(s) according to the delivered batches, as this is currently not yet done automatically by the goods receipt. Afterwards the goods receipt can be recorded. By selecting the order, the variant part is still drawn into the goods receipt in the first step, but the batch number can now be entered via the item. If the entered batch number leads to a lower part, this replaces the variant part in the item. This means that the lower part is addressed during the subsequent putaway. The batch number must be entered at goods receipt!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_chargen" with the name "Batch management" regarding Storage, retrieval and transfer: During storage, it is possible to select already entered batch numbers as well as to enter new batch numbers. If a batch-managed variant part is selected during storage, a window opens immediately afterwards, in which an existing batch can be selected or a new one created and directly transferred. The same procedure is used for stock removal and stock transfer, but only an existing batch can be selected in the window that opens. It is not possible to create a new batch here, because this has inevitably already been done when the batch was put into storage.