This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_salespricing" with the name "Sales pricing" regarding General: ClassiX® offers a high degree of variability in sales pricing. Thus, prices can not only be stored on the article, but also defined individually for customers (customer agreements) or customer groups. In addition, there are extensive possibilities to define discounts/surcharges and over/under prices. The variability is rounded off by the fact that all prices and conditions can be defined using conditional tables and formulas. When creating a price or for example a discount, please use the following diagram to find the right solution in ClassiX. For example, to define a special price of a sales item for a defined customer group you will be guided directly to the customer group price (3). {img type="fileId" fileId="316" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_salespricing" with the name "Sales pricing" regarding Formation of a selling price: In the simplest case the price is a simple value per quantity independent of any variable. The price becomes variable through the use of a formula or price table, as the price is now formed depending on various attributes/data fields. In addition to the basic price, the price can be assigned surcharges and discounts. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_salespricing" with the name "Sales pricing" regarding Customer price agreement: Customer agreements can be reached via the sales role on the one hand and via the customer on the other. In the sales article, you can see the agreements which have been made with which customers for this article and the customer's condon for this. To create a price agreement, insert a customer in the customer tab of the sales role by clicking the "Insert" button. The price agreement is created automatically and the agreed price can be entered directly. (Info: Besides the price you can also enter the customer's article number here). The same functions (price history, detailed processing, price tables, ) are available for processing the price of customer agreements as for processing the item price. --- If the article is now inserted in an offer/order to the corresponding customer, the price of the agreement is taken over instead of the standard price. {img type="fileId" fileId="318" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_salespricing" with the name "Sales pricing" regarding Customer conditions: In the "Conditions" tab in the customer editing window, it is possible to define not only shipping, delivery and payment conditions etc., but also discounts and surcharges. If an offer/order is directed to this customer, these conditions will be included in the document. If a surcharge/discount is declared as list price related, it will not be shown in the print and the reduction/increase in value will be allocated to the item price. The "hidden" condition thus influences the sales price without the customer being informed of this.