This is the description of the module "processes_tecoview" with the name "Brief technical overview": How do the AppsWarehouse®SOAserviceswork?The various SOA services are all part of AppsWarehouse®- ApplicationWarehouse- a library of business software applications. The modules of this library can be used either as an independent application for only one specific business area, such as the ClassiX® financial accounting Plutos, or with other AppsWarehouse®SOAServices for a company-wide software solution. This consistently object-oriented, modular software technology guarantees the implementation of highly individualised software without leaving the standard centrally defined and maintained in the InstantView® RAD Framework. The application presents itself in its user interface and functionality tailored to the individual business areas of your company, but still accesses a common data master.InstantView® multi-tier architectureThe necessary flexibility of business application systems requires a profound modularity of the software. It does not begin with the designation of financial accounting, PPS, order processing, merchandise management or materials management as application modules, but rather with the provision of much more elementary units. Flexibility also includes free design options for the visualisation of company data. The basic prerequisite for this is the strict separation of model and surface provided in the system. Product integration All ClassiX® software products are based on a consistent object-oriented concept and are therefore highly adaptable to individual customer requirements with a comparably low effort. All ClassiX® software products are based on a consistent object-oriented concept and are therefore highly adaptable to individual customer requirements with a comparably low effort. That is why the ClassiX® software products are not only powerful complete solutions, but they can also be fully integrated with other products via interfaces and fit seamlessly into any Windows desktop environment for the user. That is why the ClassiX® software products are not only powerful complete solutions, but they can also be fully integrated with other products via interfaces and fit seamlessly into any Windows desktop environment for the user. Direct access to the functions of other Windows applications installed on the desktop is possible, such as Microsoft Word or Outlook. This means that, among other things, e-mails can be sent directly from ClassiX® applications. Of course, this is also possible if Lotus Notes is used as e-mail program. Direct access to the functions of other Windows applications installed on the desktop is possible, such as Microsoft Word or Outlook. This means that, among other things, e-mails can be sent directly from ClassiX® applications. Of course, this is also possible if Lotus Notes is used as e-mail program.