This is the description of the module "processes_variant04" with the name "Variant Specification": The use of variant parts can be difficult when it comes to giving a third party - for example a customer - a part name, because a (variant) part is not only described exactly by its part number but also by the distinct list of characteristics. For example, the variant part sheet metal ("4711") is described by the additional specification of length and width. So the customer orders "4711 in length equal 50cm and width equal 25cm. This way of describing a part can be optimised by naming this combination. This can be useful if the expression of the part is a frequently used variant. you find it difficult to understand a variant part. the customer has a separate number for this variant and would like to order via this number. Three possibilities are considered for the specification of a variant part to the outside: 1. specification of the sales item Sales roles of a variant part in a unique characteristic can be assigned their own numbers. The sheet "4711 in length equal 50cm and width equal 25cm" from the example could thus be assigned the number "4711-0001" or "BL1129". If the customer orders via this number, it is immediately clear which part he wants to purchase in which specification. When entering the order item, inserting the sales role via the specification number eliminates the need to define the characteristics, as these are specified and adopted by the specification. Specification numbers can be entered manually via the sales role, but it is also possible to generate them from an order item. This can be done in individual cases, for example if a variant that frequently occurs in the order item is sold and this should be given its own number. However, it is also possible to assign a separate number to each variant sold via an option. In this case, a specification number is assigned to the variant specified in the order after the sales release. If the variant does not yet exist in a specification, a new number is generated. Once the specification has been defined, the characteristics are locked and can no longer be changed. Attention! If the characteristics of a specification are changed and there are orders that already have successor documents (delivery notes, invoices, etc.). A new specification is created. 2. the customer's own number The customer 's own number is <->entered via the customer agreement (article <->customer data). If the article is a variant part, there may be several customer's own numbers for the same variant part. In this case, the customer's own numbers are stored as a conditional table in the customer agreement. There are now several scenarios for using this unique number. One possibility is that the customer orders via his own number. When creating the order item and selecting the article, it is possible to search for it using the customer's own number. In the order item, not only the corresponding article is then transferred, but also the characteristics are automatically defined. The own number not only determines the article (the variant part) but also the variant (the characteristics). If an order item is entered "normally", i.e. by selecting the article and then defining the characteristics, the system searches for a customer's own number corresponding to this combination when the order confirmation is printed. 3. supplier's own number The supplier's own numbers are stored in the supplier agreement. For variant parts, these numbers can also be created as a conditional table. In the order, the (Varainten) part and the characteristic is specified. When the order is printed, the corresponding supplier's own number is then determined on the basis of the conditional table and printed with it. 4. materials managementIf variant parts with a characteristics list are to be booked into a warehouse for interim storage or storage of surplus quantities, a phantom part is created for these if a counter and a table for specifications have been defined in the variant part. A standard price and the average price are managed for these and can be maintained. All characteristics are saved in the phantom part. If the defined length of the number for the phantom parts and the specifications in counters are the same, the number of the specification for the phantom part is adopted. The conclusion can be summed up, that specification numbers make the communication and use of variant parts easier and clearer. that a variant of a variant part can also be determined and named without having to stamp out lower parts.