This is the description of the module "processes_implitem" with the name "Reduction of parts in the parts master": By using variant management, the CyberEnterprise business OS offers the possibility to drastically reduce the number of parts in the part master. 1. starting position Let us assume, for example, that the parts master contains 4 parts, each of which is used as a spare part. These parts are e.g. "motor clutches", which only differ in the respective engine power. In a first step the engine power was recorded at each of the 4 parts using the attribute "POWER_MOTOR" in addition to the pure part description. 2. assignment to a variant part The next step to reduce the number of parts is now to create a variant part "KP" (for "coupling"). At this variant part "KP" we define the characteristic "POWER_MOTOR" as the only attribute of its attribute list. After that we subordinate the parts "KP1500" to "KP3300" to the variant part "KP" as its lower parts. Afterwards, we put a spare part roll on the variant part "KP", which will later replace the spare part rolls of the lower parts. The symbol of the green screw and the green part text now reveal the "new" subparts. In the roller group we can see by the red labels that the rollers of the variant part "KP" are known to the lower part. This means that the order article roll can already be used without the new lower parts having to be given their own. The same applies now to the spare parts roll. 3. moving the spare part reels together In order for us to be able to use the spare part role on the variant part, we have to transfer the data from the respective roles of the lower parts into that of the variant part. Of course, this can also be done manually, but it is advisable to use the corresponding functions. 3.1 Creating the specification numbersBy means of the specification numbers, the variants can be named/identified without having to have subparts or rolls on subparts. (see here) With the function "Generate (from subparts list)" the specification numbers can be created automatically. There are two options. In this case the option "Take over numbers of subparts as specification numbers" is recommended, because the role of the variant part in the corresponding specification can be addressed quasi via the previous number. With a second option, new numbers are assigned. 3.2 Adoption of prices The prices are taken over as a conditional table on the spare part roll of the variant part. The table is generated automatically via the menu item "Generate price table using the subparts". After executing this function the following price table was created for our example. 4. invalidate the spare part rolls of the lower parts As the spare part rolls of the lower parts are now all represented by the one, new spare part roll of the variant part, they can be set to invalid. In our example, the spare parts "KP1500" to "KP3300" would then no longer be found if the corresponding options for finding invalid objects were not activated. If necessary, even the lower parts can be set to invalid, if the variant part is designed for this and the lower parts are not in stock. 5. use of the spare part roll of the variant part If the motor coupling is now sold as a spare part, there are two possibilities of proceeding. Either you insert the new spare part "KP" into an order and stamp the attribute "LEISTUNG_MOTOR" or you use the specification number. If the specification number "KP2500" is selected, the spare part "KP" is inserted into the order and the attribute is stamped automatically. In both cases the price is automatically taken over correctly from the conditional table. 6. further steps Other sales item roles or order item roles can be reorganised in a similar way. In our example only the variant part "KP" had an order role. If the initial situation had been that only the lower parts had the order rolls, the procedure would have been similar. Using a synchronisation module, the replenishment lead time, order quantity, purchase price and the origin indicator would then have been transferred as a conditional table into the supplier agreement of the new variant ordering role.