This is the description of the module "processes_localeReference" with the name "Operations calendar": Preparation of the operating calendars Edit operations calendar Assignment to production areas, companies and workplaces Scheduling Related topics Capacity utilisation Capacity planning Capacity check and scheduling. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_localeReference" with the name "Operations calendar" regarding Setting the operating calendars for different production areas: First the locales must be persistently transferred to the database in order to be able to set different operating calendars Then you have to consider how many different company calendars there must be, so maybe one for the GmbH, one for production in general, and one for the production areas that also have to work when the others have time off. Unfortunately, no returns for public holidays are possible yet, so a separate operating calendar must be recorded for each production centre that has public holidays that differ from others. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_localeReference" with the name "Operations calendar" regarding Edit operations calendar: The operating calendars are created by someone who has the rights to change the location-specific data in the Object-Inspector. Here, the new operating calendars are created below the federal state in which the company has its headquarters, without additional entries. Afterwards, the operating calendar to be edited can be set via the main menu "User → Set Locale". If the operating calendar to be edited is now set, editing can be started via the main menu "System → Calendars → Operating calendar". In the processing list, all public holidays are listed, including those which do not come directly from this operating calendar but are defined in higher-level operating calendars and thus inherited into the current operating calendar. These entries cannot be changed by the user. All entries added by the user appear in red letters. They can be edited and deleted. The "New" button is used to create a new entry, which can be a single day or a time period. Please note that the time span must not extend from one year to the next. After entering the date and, if necessary, the end date for time periods, the new operating calendar entry is saved with OK. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_localeReference" with the name "Operations calendar" regarding Assigning the operating calendar to production areas and / or workstations: In order for the added calendars to come into effect and have effects, they must still be assigned to the production areas or directly to the workstations. This is done quite simply on the corresponding processing mask. There are "Locale" buttons with which the locale selection tree is opened. The entry selected here is dragged into the editing mask and must be saved there by pressing the OK button. That's it already. When scheduling the work sequences, this operating calendar is now taken into account. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_localeReference" with the name "Operations calendar" regarding Scheduling: The exploded work sequences of the production order are now always dispatched correctly, according to the operating calendars of the work centre or the production area assigned to it. However, it is also necessary in advance to schedule the parts requirement in such a way that the parts requirement dates are already coordinated with these possibly additional or missing holidays. For this purpose, the scheduling type in graphical scheduling can be changed to the capacity check mode. By the changeover, the work plans are already resolved at the time of the first scheduling of the parts request without saving them in the database. Only in this way can it be seen which workstations are required at what time and which public holidays may fall within the time range. The work sequences just resolved are displayed in the diagram instead of the production order bar. Only holidays common to all work areas are shown as grey zones. If you now try to move a work sequence of a production order into an area that is not marked but this production area has free time during this time, this will be intercepted. It is allowed to move the bar behind the holidays . Free days within the selected period of time of a bar are shown with an interruption of the bar and a thin line as a connection. Each company has to decide for itself whether the graphical scheduling should basically be changed to the capacity check method or whether this should only be set if necessary. If the production order with its routings is already exploded after the first scheduling of the parts request, the real dates of the work sequences are displayed in the graphical scheduling in the capacity check mode. These can be rescheduled here by simply moving them with the mouse without having to clear the work times beforehand. There is, however, one small thing to note: If an already existing work sequence was moved manually in the graphical scheduling and then another work sequence is inserted, the complete work plan is automatically rescheduled in order to arrange the new work sequence correctly in time. The sequence that has just been moved manually is now back at the old position and the manual changes have been discarded. This is also the case if, after scheduling, the work times are booked out again, the work plan position is opened for editing and simply saved. Also in this case, scheduling is then automatically restarted.