This is the description of the module "processes_bpsalesdelinote" with the name "Business processes - Sales - Delivery": (See also delivery note) Delivery notes are always created from order items to be delivered. An order item is to be delivered if the item has a delivery status, i.e. the order item is assigned to the "delivery" business process. An order item does not receive a delivery status in the order if the item: - has subheadings and is of the type "Subheadings only" or - is subordinate to a subassembly set item or - is a PID position. To create a new delivery note, therefore, only those order items that have a delivery status can be selected. The delivery status of an order item is only forwarded (e.g. "Not delivered" > "Partially delivered" > " Delivered") when the corresponding delivery note is posted. Overdeliveries are permitted. delivery processes: The following delivery processes are possible: Order item is completely delivered by delivery note Order item is completely delivered directly by direct delivery without prior goods receipt (direct delivery ends the disposition process of the order item) Order items are temporarily stored by means of an intermediate storage document and then sent to the customer from the intermediate storage facility by means of a delivery note. Where is it controlled that the goods are delivered directly? Already on the order item, a recipient is indicated who is not the company of the registered client. The further business process can then still be manually controlled, which means that a normal goods receipt can still be entered for these direct delivery orders. Subsequent deliveries possible? If a delivery note has been created for an entire order group and after a while it is discovered that parts belonging to this order group were inadvertently not sent after all, another delivery note can be created for these straggler items. This will then no longer change the delivery status of the order item. Interim deliveries (module description) If goods are sent by direct delivery, e.g. to a packing company, from where the goods are to be sent to the customer, it is useful to know exactly which goods and in what quantity are currently in the packing company's warehouse. For this purpose, an intermediate storage document must be created directly at the order. This offers the possibility to indicate an external warehouse where the goods are stored temporarily at the packing company. The stock level of this external interim storage facility can then be queried in the normal way via the warehouse statistics. The order item remains in the status "not delivered" until a delivery note is created from this intermediate storage document, which then reduces the storage quantity again. In order to prevent the goods from being mistakenly used as a surplus for another customer order while the goods are at the external warehouse of the packer, the complete storage quantity is marked as reserved directly with the posting of the intermediate storage document.