This is the description of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement": Close statistics period Check and correct suppressed errors Inventory valuation Create warehouse statistics Valuation of work in progress and post-calculation Create advance return for turnover tax and send it to Elster. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Close statistics period: In order to achieve a defined delimitation of a business period, it is advisable to open it specifically - usually by Controlling - for the users at the beginning of the period (i.e. to make a business period available as a selection when processing a document, e.g. an invoice) and to close it again at the end (not to allow the selection of the closed business period any more). This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Check and correct suppressed errors: Before you carry out the valuation of the stock, the unfinished products or the final costing, you must have checked and corrected the suppressed errors. These are erroneous documents that are not or only partially taken into account in the valuations. Possible errors that are displayed : The suppressed errors of individual database operations can be checked and corrected in the module "suppressed errors". You can open the module in the menu "Services/Insections". This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Inventory valuation: The month-end closing of the warehouse statistics is the prerequisite for a secure valuation of the stock. All movement data of parts and their storage locations are evaluated and added together, average prices, start, dispatch, receipt and end values are determined. Finally, the value of the warehouse can be read off from these end values for each desired period. However, a few things have to be taken into account for an error-free determination of the bearing value: These plausibility checks are part of the functionality of the warehouse statistics. If parts or warehouses have been selected in the selection mask and the corresponding time period has been set, it is possible to start specific automatic test runs. The results of such test runs - more or less relevant for an evaluation - are displayed in the results window integrated in the warehouse statistics. This results window directly offers the possibility to correct some of the displayed errors and to redetermine the evaluation. If the displayed errors for a part/storage bin have not been completely corrected, the month-end closing for this part/storage bin is not completely possible, which is indicated by a "red dot" in the respective line of the stock statistics. Errors such as movements without price/value are generally caused by missing information in the parts master: if, for example, an order part lacks the order roll or no standard price is entered on the order roll, a goods withdrawal cannot be valuated, but the system does allow it - to avoid malfunctions. In order to find such parts, the inspection module of the materials management system includes corresponding test runs. Further inspection runs are: IMPORTANT! The storage statistics must be completed. This is the only way to ensure that all parts to be evaluated are included in the warehouse statistics. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Valuation of work in progress and post-calculation: The order cost evaluation can be used to create the final costing for current or completed orders and the valuation of unfinished products. This table shows which settings you need for which evaluations. How and when the values for the calculation are created can be read on the page "Calculation" in the section"selected topics". This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Draw up advance VAT return and send it to Elster: You can transfer the data to Elster from the evaluation for the advance VAT return or generate an XML file which you can import from Elsteronline. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_abschluss01" with the name "Monthly statement" regarding Create a summary notification and send it to Elster: You can create a CSV file from the evaluation for the "ZM Summary message" for import at Elster.