This is the description of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing": General overview of the shopping area Order of services Approval procedure Signature regulations Overview of the workflow of a delivery schedule line Further topics. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing" regarding General overview of the shopping area: The purchasing area is characterised not only by the procurement itself, but also by preceding and subsequent processes. Thus, a demand fulfilment is usually based on a demand that may have arisen through the most diverse types. These include the customer requirement (order item, production parts list, gozo item), as well as the requirement of a cost centre. Through the B&B list, requirements of stock parts (quantity shortfall) and/or of dispositive purchase parts (deadline control) can be uncovered. Other requirements can of course also be recorded. The next step is the requirement request, the precursor of the order. Rules can be established here under which the requirement coverage requests must pass through an approval cycle. Now the actual purchasing department comes into play, which creates the order according to the request data (part, quantity, delivery date) and the information from the order role of the part and the supplier agreements (delivery time, price, conditions, ). If information is not sufficiently available, the buyer can also make a request to the supplier. He is supported by the possibility of comparing prices. If a framework order exists with the supplier, the buyer can also use the release order. The documents following in the document history only affect the purchase order in so far as they have an influence on the status of the order. For example, a purchase order is only reported as complete when goods receipt or direct delivery documents have been created for the entire order quantity. The incoming invoice therefore has a corresponding influence on the billing status of the purchase order. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing" regarding Order of services: Ordered services are reported ready by checking the box "No (further) goods receipt expected" in the group "Process control" on the delivery schedule of the follow-up order, as there should be no goods receipt for this. Exceptions are orders for services in the case of external work sequences, i.e. if provisions are sent to the supplier with which, for example, the surface treatment is stated on the order as a unit of performance. Here it is perfectly legitimate to generate a goods receipt and even a QA for the unit of performance, since the performance can also be checked directly. If, for example, 3 out of 10 parts to be galvanised are not completely galvanised, a return document can be generated and thus a subsequent claim for this service. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing" regarding Approval procedure: By means of the settings in the client and in the cost centres (organisation chart), the approval procedure of the requirement requests (BA), the purchase orders and/or the incoming invoices can be activated and a control system can be set up. In addition to the control system, it is also possible (depending on the settings) to define an approver manually. General definitions and rules Authorisation procedure for requisitions The approval procedure begins to take effect already during the creation of the requisition by the automatic/manual setting of the approver, but it actively influences the purchasing process but only after the requisition has been posted. If an approver was determined/set at the time of posting, the BA is not automatically released and no purchase order can be generated for the items. The BA is now checked manually. On the one hand, the approver can see via his processes which BAs he has to check, on the other hand, the purchasing department can check via the BA status list which BAs still have to be checked to make sure that no BAs are left hanging. From both lists, the module for releasing/rejecting the BA(see here) can be called. If the BA has been approved, the purchasing department can now generate the order(s) using the tools at its disposal. However, to ensure that rejected requisitions are not lost, as the need is likely to still exist, the process is not yet complete here. In the case of rejection, the requirement coverage request is returned to the processor and is available for postprocessing or post-maintenance. The requirement coverage request must then be posted again (activated) and appears for resubmission to the approver. Acceptance of the rejection should be indicated by the cancellation of the requirement coverage request by its processor. Approval procedure for orders The approval procedure for orders is similar to that for requisitions. Thus, the rules defined in the client and in the cost centres are also applied here. The only difference is that order items that have already been preceded by a requirement request no longer need to be approved. Unapproved orders cannot be printed or otherwise output. Using the list window of the orders, the purchasing department can check whether orders in the status "to be approved" get stuck and follow up with the approver. Since non-approved orders cannot be printed and are therefore not automatically printed directly, mass printing takes into account the newly approved but not yet printed orders. Approval procedure for incoming invoices The approval procedure for incoming invoices is also similar to that for requisitions and orders. Thus, the rules defined in the client and in the cost centres are also applied here. The following special features are applied in the approval procedure for incoming invoices: An incoming invoice is not released if it has not been approved. In addition, an A/P invoice is not presented to the approver until it has been verified. Approval and verification are two different processes, which are usually also carried out by different employees. During the check, the correctness of the incoming invoice is checked by the person in charge (buyer, requester, etc.). The incoming invoice is then approved by the cost centre manager. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing" regarding Signature regulations: By means of the settings in the client, the signature control for orders can be activated and a control system can be set up. This makes it possible to use the four-eye principle for checking orders in the system! Only when both signatures have been digitally confirmed is the order approved. Subsequent changes can only be made within a defined framework without the consent of the signatory. General definitions and rules. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_bprocpurch" with the name "Business processes - Purchasing" regarding Overview of the workflow of a delivery schedule line: The business process of an order item (delivery schedule line item) could look like this, for example. .