This is the description of the module "processes_projects" with the name "Project management": Flow definition Example According to the value-added process as defined in ClassiX® (see figure), the preparation of offers and the receipt of orders is preceded by the rough project planning. This rough planning is often specified by the client, e.g. if the company itself acts as subcontractor in a larger project. Microsoft Project is widely used as a tool for project planning, which is why the planning is often already available in this format. To be able to start planning your own resources in ClassiX®, this rough planning has to be adopted accordingly. Therefore ClassiX® provides an interface to Microsoft Project. This interface is so powerful that later changes to the rough planning by the client can still be adopted in ClassiX®, even if the planning has already been refined. If the rough planning is required in MS Project format again, ClassiX® also provides an export function.{img fileId="191" thumb="box" width="100%"}. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_projects" with the name "Project management" regarding Flow definition: The functions of the MS Project interface are designed for the following process: A comparison of the data from ClassiX® into an already existing MS Project file is not planned, because the definition of the project planning process assumes that the rough planning is basically done in MS Project and that ClassiX® will only use it as a starting point for your own detailed planning. This results in the necessity of a powerful reconciliation function, which updates the data in ClassiX®, but not the other way round. However, due to these assumptions, there are some cases where no automatic matching can be performed. These are briefly listed below, together with their causes: A detailed documentation of the various messages and symbols can be found in the documentation of the cost unit. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_projects" with the name "Project management" regarding Example: In ClassiX® , project planning can be carried out for every cost unit. There are corresponding functions in the cost unit module, as well as the possibility to visualise networks with the object network. The interface to Microsoft Project is available via the cost unit module. In the following, the procedure for the effective use of project planning and Microsoft Project integration is presented by means of an example.