This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_projectlifecycle" with the name "Project life cycle" regarding General: Both projects and orders have a self-contained life cycle. Thus the life cycle of a project comprises the time period from the creation of the project to the last possible point in time at which project activities can still run. Usually this is the end of the warranty. Orders end with the acceptance, i.e. the declaration of the client that a delivered product or service fulfils the contractual agreements. At this point the order is delivered and invoiced. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_projectlifecycle" with the name "Project life cycle" regarding Life cycle orders: The life cycle of an order is determined by its business processes, consisting of the invoicing (INVOICING), delivery (DELIVERY) and confirmation (CONFIRMATION) processes. Of these three processes, the confirmation process is the one that determines the end of an order by the status "fulfilled". The fulfilment of an order depends on the type of contract. A distinction is made here between the purchase contract and the contract for work. If an order is deemed to have been fulfilled, it can no longer be extended/modified. Costs and revenues can therefore only be incurred for the already existing scope of delivery and services. For example, an incoming invoice from the forwarding agent may arrive after the order has already been declared as completed internally. Credit notes, as an example of successors with revenue effect, can also be issued after the order has been completed. The order confirmation process is as follows: This functionality is linked to the message "CHANGE_WARRANTY_OF_COST_OBJECTIVE". Users who are allowed to send this message enjoy special rights and may, for example, define an order as a contract for work and determine the warranty period. If you are authorised to do so, the order mask of the fulfilled orders is not blocked either, as they firstly represent a kind of superuser of the orders and secondly could be tricksters anyway. Users for whom the message is blocked are subject to the full restrictions.