This is the description of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order": Mission Copy Copying individual items Copying of entire offers and orders Release order / order item Specifications Service provider group. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Mission: Via the menu item "Activities - Sales -> Order" the order mask opens, in which you can create a new order, independent of an offer. {img type="fileId" fileId="308" thumb="box" width="100%"} Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Copy: ClassiX® enables the copying of sales types, sales articles and complete offers or orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Copying individual items: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Copying of entire offers and orders: Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Release order / order item: Once an order has been created and can be processed by subsequent departments, the order must be released. This release can be done for the complete order, but it is also possible to release only individual items or parts of an item. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Specifications: In the bill of quantities (LVZ), the individual items of the offer or order are specified and issued in detail. A distinction is made here between the commercial VAS, in which the upper level of the items is shown, and the technical specifications, in which the composition of the items with their technical specifications are shown. Please refer to the module documentation for detailed information on use. This is the description of the functionality of the module "processes_sales_order" with the name "Sale - Order" regarding Service provider group: On the service provider group, not only can an employee be specified to whom the planned time expenditure is booked, but also an additional resource (work group or similar). For this purpose, similar to the parts with their main storage locations, the main provider must be specified on the logistics account of services. This is usually a group of employees. On order items, instead of the storage field for parts, the supplier for service units will also be indicated. The need for services cannot be booked alone, as they are not meaningful enough: A service provider is always needed to perform the service. This is the main difference between the booking of parts and services and also the reason why - in order to make a binding reservation of services - the additional service provider group should be used, because this is where service providers and services are linked. Another difference between the reservation of material and working time is that working time is always only planned time, i.e. the actually recorded working time usually deviates from the planned working time. For parts, the quantity is fixed. The data field on the order item also provides the option of linking service units with service providers and then posting them without the group. However, the service provider group is preferred due to the fact that it can be planned in advance, where it is also not yet known which costs are incurred in which quantities. A changeover is possible through an update logic of the transaction descriptions for order items. In this case, it is only necessary to ensure that the items that are created below a service provider group are not added to the booked capacities of the service provider group all at once. A rule would then have to be applied here that states that the subitems are only booked if they are not directly below a service provider group. See also capacity planning in general.