This is the description of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract": This module is used to maintain production orders. The items of a production order determine the quantity and date of all the parts that are to be produced in the company itself. In general, production orders and their items are generated automatically from the parts request. Only one production order (a collective order) is ever generated from a parts request (with the exception of stragglers), the items of which then define the parts to be produced. (After releasing a part request, you automatically branch to the processing screen of the generated production orders).New production order items can also be opened manually (i.e. production order items without a predecessor), in which case the input option for assignment to a cost centre opens automatically.A work plan must always be defined for each individual production order item. This is generally generated production-specific from the master routing(Explode routing). In the same step the respective start and end times of each work sequence are determined by means of backward scheduling, taking into account the controlled throughput times. The automatically determined end dates as well as the lead times can be manually adjusted for each individual work sequence. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain production orders. You can select a production order by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The items of a production order are displayed in the lower list window. You can revise these production order items by double-clicking them in the window 'Production order items'. With the right mouse button it is possible to switch to the routings and revise them. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Change dates: The dates of production orders that have already been fully booked and possibly already started and even partially completed can be changed subsequently via the menu Edit/End dates. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Changes to the production work plan after posting the work times: If a routing is to be changed after the production order has been released, an individual item can be booked out, changed and booked in again by using the context menu (right mouse button on selected item in the item list), menu item "Item - Book out". While the position is booked out, it remains in the status "Stopped". It is now possible to make changes to the work plan. Once a work schedule has been successfully changed or another work schedule has been created, the position can participate in the business process again. The working times must now be booked in again, whereby the status of the position returns from "Stopped" to the original status. To change the work plan, only the item needs to be booked out and opened as described above. Afterwards new work sequences can be added or deleted on the tab "Work plan". By double-clicking, you can directly access the editing mask of the work sequence, on which its data can then be changed. The order of the work sequences can be changed as required using the arrow buttons next to the list. The list does not appear sorted. However, it is only possible to change the routing of a production order item as long as it has not been staged: the staged quantity is then already written to the triggering requirement. If work sequences for which PDA feedback has already been received are to be removed, these work sequences can either be set to "completed" with any remaining time that has not yet been reported or the status of the work sequence can be changed directly from the worklist to "completed". If, after processing, the total time of all work sequences of a production order item is longer or shorter than planned in parts scheduling, the production order item (or the work centre times) cannot be posted because the throughput times on the production order and parts request differ. To correct this, it is possible to select the part request item belonging to the changed production order item in the part request and to transfer the lead time resulting from the sum of the work sequences to the part request item via the menu "Edit - MRP - Determine procurement time - Set selected - Dynamic". Due to the now changed lead time of one production order item, there is a gap in the work flow across all production order items. For this reason, the scheduling of the entire part request must now be carried out again with the new lead times. The "Rescheduling" scheduling type must be selected for this. Items that have already been scheduled are not affected by this rescheduling. After rescheduling, the parts request can be released and the work centre times can be booked back into the production order. Via the menu "Edit - Check - Changed dates" it can be checked after rescheduling whether the rescheduling had effects on subsequent documents such as further production order items or requirement coverage requests. All Explained in keywords, the change in the work sequences looks like this:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Graphical scheduling of work plan positions: It is also possible to change the dates of work sequences in the graphical scheduling of the part request. The work plan does not need to be booked out (it is not possible to delete or add work sequences, only to change the lead time or the start and end dates). Graphical scheduling can be called up via the menu item "Edit - Capacity - Graphical scheduling". Whether there is sufficient capacity for the cancelled routings can be checked via the menu item "Edit - Capacity - Capacity check of all / selected items". If all routings are to be checked, no item must be selected first, or all items must be selected. More information about graphical scheduling and capacity check See also operating calendar Subsequent changes to parts list items below production order items After changing a bill of material item which is located below a parts request item to be produced, the production order item receives an indicator (date) that the papers must be reprinted. This date can be seen in the production order processing mask in the penultimate column and in the worklist in the 2nd column. It disappears again after "real" printing of the production papers. For further information on how to proceed when subsequently changing BOM items, see here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding List window: Used to list the production orders. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a production order. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Progress of work: This window is used to display the work progress of a production order. The "Error" column indicates as a number (bit pattern) the error code when data is transmitted from the PDA: // bit 0 = 1: multiple start events on the same day // bit 1 = 2: Start mediation after end event (start event after end event) // bit 2 = 4: Break message after multiple start (automatic break event with multiple starts) // bit 3 = 8: Break message without start message (break/end event without start event) // bit 4 = 16: Unknown PDA message (wrong event) // bit 5 = 32: Multiple end message (multiple end events). This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Option window: Each time the production order window is opened, the options described here are reset to the default settings. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding External work sequences Assistant: Using the assistant of the external work sequences, total quantities can be automatically assigned for the selected items, from which orders and own supplies of the superordinate parts can be created. Sequence description of external work sequences which are processed via the assistant:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Printed production order items: This window is used to search for production order items printed today (or on another date that can be set). From this list, the withdrawals for all marked orders can be generated in summary form and the material accompanying sheets of the production orders can be printed. This evaluation list is opened by the warehouse every day to see which warehouse reservations need to be made, without the need for production to run to the warehouse with a production paper to tell people which order is to be produced now. This is the description of the functionality of the module "productionOrder" with the name "Construction contract" regarding Technical provision:: If a production order is provided, the production order is connected with all its parts list predecessors via the connection transfered.predecessors/transfered.successors. This is necessary so that individual parts list items can also be provided, for example if several order predecessors have been combined in a parts request and only a single order item is now to be provided. If the PROVIDE_PRODUCTION_ORDER_ITEM macro is called with a BOM item, only the quantity of the BOM item is labelled as staged and ONLY this quantity is assigned to the direct order predecessor (if available) as the staged quantity.