This is the description of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher": It happens that goods are taken from the warehouse for a customer's needs, but only at this point is it determined that the goods are defective. Now, these goods can no longer be assigned to a particular goods receipt, but it must still be possible to return them to the supplier who most probably delivered this part. This is the function of the complaint document. This can be created directly for a stock removal or optionally also for a quality assurance document that has a stock removal as its predecessor. If the goods are expected back from the supplier, this can be activated with the checkbox "Goods are expected back", this complaint behaves like an order. The quantity is displayed in the dispatch account until the complete delivery. It may also be the case that the goods have been ready for some time at the customer and only then the customer discovers that the goods are defective and sends them back. In this case, there is the possibility to search for the original goods withdrawal document on the complaint document using the order number. A link to a goods withdrawal document is always advisable, as this is the only way to ensure that the material flow and cost distribution is 100% correct and remains traceable for later. Since a withdrawal document is not always available, for example in the case of Kanban or manual warehouse parts without warehouse management, it is also possible to attach the complaint document directly to an order header so that the flow of goods can be assigned at least to one order or cost object. The return loop is also fully integrated for this document, i.e. if a goods receipt is not perfect according to this complaint document, it is immediately sent back via a return document. The difference between the return document and the complaint document is The complaint document always refers to a goods removal The return document must refer to a goods receipt as a predecessor. The return document can therefore only be used if the disposition process of the part is not yet completed due to a QA or missing goods putaway or staging. If this process has already been completed, there is still the possibility to send the goods back via the complaint document. Business Process If no quality assurance document has been created for the removal from storage, the quantity made available is deducted from the parts requisition item/order item that may have been placed before the goods are removed. It can now be removed again via the staging list. If the goods receipt now arrives for an item that has already been made available in the meantime by another withdrawal, the status of the goods receipt changes to "goods putaway" and must be put away. If the item has not yet been removed again, the goods receipt goes to the status "Ready". In the case of partial quantities (requirement has already been partially covered), the goods receipt first goes to the status "staging", but after staging its partial quantity it changes to the status "putaway" so that the remaining quantity can be put away. The cost object is then credited by the goods receipt. If the complaint document was not expected back, the crediting of the cost unit can take place via an incoming credit note. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher" regarding Incoming credit notes for complaints: It is possible to request a credit note for a complaint, especially if the goods complained about are not expected to be returned. This credit note is to be recorded differently from credit notes received on the basis of return documents, as these are recorded via the order preceding the return document. No purchase order exists in the document history for complaint documents. Incoming credit notes for complaints are thus to be entered via free items (see docu incoming invoices/incoming invoice items). The complaint can be selected here as the predecessor. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain complaint documents Complaint documents can only be created from stock removals via its toolbar!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher" regarding List window: This window is used to list complaint documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select complaint documents. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purccomp" with the name "Complaint voucher" regarding Goods withdrawal search window: The list shows all goods withdrawals that were created for the specified part in the previously selected order / order items.