This is the description of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder": This module is used to control the dunning process. The suppliers can be reminded if they have either not confirmed the desired delivery date or if the goods have not arrived on the confirmed delivery date. Instructions for printing order reminders can be found here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding General information on generating reminders: The following dunning types (order confirmation, goods receipt, deadline saving, credit memo receipt) are generated via a common mask(generate dunning notices). Calling up this mask controls which type of dunning notices are generated and offers the optimum search for the order items to be dunned for the respective type. The respective search options are described in the following four sections. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Reminder order confirmation: The search screen is initialized with the following search filters:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Dunning letter goods receipt: The search screen is initialized with the following search filters: Order items that have been blocked or whose supplier has a block are found during the search but are overlooked when the reminders are created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Term protection: The search screen is initialized with the following search filters: Purchase order items whose supplier has a deadline protection block are found during the search but are overlooked when reminders are created. When saving deadlines, the dunning date is set on the purchase order item so that the items in the waiting period are not proposed for dunning again, but the dunning level remains unaffected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Reminder for credit notes received: follows. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Input window: The input window is used to process generated reminders. If it is only discovered after generation that, for example, an incorrect address or correspondence address has been drawn, the data can be edited here. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding List window: Generated reminders can be found and accessed via the list window. In addition, reminders can be selected by multiple selection and transferred together to the print mask. Thus the list window also controls the mass printing. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Create reminders: Order confirmation and goods receipt reminders can be generated automatically via this window, depending on which menu item the mask was called up via. The type of reminders that are generated can be recognised by the window designation, among other things. The generation of reminders starts with the selection of the order items to be reminded. Depending on the type of dunning notices to be generated, a preselection of the order items takes place. This means that only order confirmation reminders can be generated for order items which have the status "Order triggered" and "AB dunned". The dunning notices for goods receipts have the status "purchase order initiated", "AB dunned", "purchase order confirmed", "GR dunned" and "partially delivered". A second and third filtering can now be done individually by the search criteria in the list header and by removing individual order items from the list. The search can be started on the one hand by the sum character and on the other hand by triggering in one of the search fields. If the search is started via a search field, this filter always applies together with the order status type selected in the group (all, due, open). If the search is started via the sum symbol, only this restriction applies. The reminder process is now started by clicking on the "Reminders" button. In the first step the reminders are generated internally and in the second step the generated reminders are transferred to the print mask. The reminders can now be printed out. Important! At the time the print mask was opened, the reminders were generated, the reminder level of the order item was counted up and the last reminder date was set. If for some reason the printout is not started, the printout must be started at a later time via the list window of the reminders. Keyword dunning block: Delivery schedules can be provided with a reminder block. This is done either via the "Dunning data" button in the order item or via an already created reminder by double-clicking on the order predecessor. If the checkbox Dunning block is set, the delivery schedule is still displayed in the dunning proposal list. This makes it possible to see which delivery schedules are open and should be dunned, but do not appear in any dunning notice. These are ignored when the reminders are created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purcdunn" with the name "Order reminder" regarding Document presets: Use this window to set the document preferences for purchase order reminders. The document settings can be assigned to a user, cost center, client, or partner function, for example.