This is the description of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order": When creating an order, great care must be taken to ensure that it is also created cleanly. This means, among other things, that an order of the type OWNER'S REQUIREMENT also absolutely needs a cost centre so that the type is completely "pronounced" and the corresponding costs can also be assigned accordingly.Attention own requirements! Goods that are ordered as own requirements do not end up in the warehouse or in customer provision! It is only to be used for real own requirements (office supplies, swivel chairs)! With the type CUSTOMER REQUIREMENT it is also essential to specify a predecessor, i.e. a cost unit, so that the costs are also allocated there accordingly. An order is only completely created, i.e. it gets the status triggered, if these conditions have been satisfied. If these conditions are not met, the order can neither be processed in subsequent documents nor printed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Vendor purity: Each purchase order that is generated is supplier-pure. This means the following in detail: Note: If orders are created "by hand", supplier purity cannot be guaranteed. In this case, the user himself is responsible for the purity of the order!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Determining the supplier: When orders are created automatically, the principle is usually to determine the A supplier as the supplier from whom orders are to be placed. In detail, the following steps are used to try to determine a supplier. If a step delivers a supplier, this supplier is included in the order and the following steps are no longer taken into account. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Document settings: The presetting of the voucher runs in three stages. The first stage here is the initialisation of the mask without an order. This step is very straightforward, as all fields are cleared and only the logged-in user is set as the processor. The second stage is the creation of the order by saving the order for the first time. Here, the standard document settings are used, which can be stored for the user, the user's cost centre or the client. This could be, for example, the cover letter or standard conditions of the client. It should be mentioned that fields which are filled are not overwritten. For example, if the field "1st signature" was set before the first saving, it will not be overwritten by the value of the field "1st signature" of the document settings. The third stage is to select the supplier. Here, for example, predefined fields such as vendor (specification in the vendor master) or address (P.O. Box address before street address) are filled. In addition, the standard document settings of the supplier are taken over. If, for example, another creditor or another address was selected in these document settings, the field is overwritten. If a cover letter or footer text is taken over via the document settings, the old text module is replaced. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain orders. You can select an order by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The order texts for the document footer can optionally be entered as text or as a Word document and combined with text modules. The window is closed without saving changes. If you want to save the changes, you must press the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding If this option is set, the cost price of the order item is taken over as the order price and thus overwrites the supplier's standard order price.: Option window Adopts the default settings as they were at initialisation, before they may have been changed by the editor. When creating purchase orders from requisitions, it is mandatory to create a separate purchase order for each sales or production order. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Options are adopted: Goods receipt. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Purchase orders can be generated from approved requisitions or entered manually.: Overview purcorde.bmp (8118 byte). This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Order base module: Module name. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding purcorde.mod: Classes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding CX_PURCHASE_ORDER: Security. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Order editing module: Module name. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding purcoedt.mod: Classes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding CX_PURCHASE_ORDER: Security. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding Order selection module: Module name. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding purcosel.mod: Classes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseOrder" with the name "Order" regarding CX_PURCHASE_ORDER: Security.