This is the description of the module "purchaseInvoiceItemList" with the name "Incoming invoice status": The list window of incoming invoice items serves as an important tool for the auditors of incoming invoices and credit notes in their work. In addition, it can be used as a statistic. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceItemList" with the name "Incoming invoice status" regarding Audit of incoming invoice items: If an inspector uses the tool provided by ClassiX®, alternatively he could also look into his processes, he should select in the status list the statuses to which items not yet released are assigned. These are the statuses "in inspection", "item with open GR" and "item with open QA". Afterwards, one can use the search fields to search for the desired items from the selected states. An inspector would thus select himself as an inspector to display all items he still has to inspect. Now that the positions are displayed in the list, the columns with the stop sign and the green check marks or red crosses are of great importance for the test. A stop sign signals to the inspector "Attention, the position could not be released automatically at the time of advancing", so it must now be released by the inspector. (If one selects a position and presses the smart button (yellow lamp), the user receives a short description of the position and the reasons for the check). The next three columns show the auditor whether the audit reasons still apply at the time of list construction. Thus, an item that has three green ticks can be released directly. The inspector can do this directly from the status window by selecting the items and choosing "Release" from the context menu. If a position has a cross in the second and third column, it is assumed that the crosses will still be replaced by a tick when the position has been delivered or checked. Thus, the inspector should not yet release the item directly, but rather wait and see. If there is a cross in the first column (all other reasons, such as value deviation), the inspector can assume that the reasons for the inspection remain the same and therefore cannot avoid becoming active and inspecting the position. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseInvoiceItemList" with the name "Incoming invoice status" regarding Single search / multiple search: From the main menu, you can choose between single and multiple search, with multiple search as the default. With the single search, the states to be searched can be limited in the state window and then you can search for documents within these states using exactly one filter. If you search via one field, all other fields are cleared. By pressing the start button (sum symbol in the toolbar) no field is searched but all positions of the selected states are displayed. In the multiple search, all filled search fields marked in blue are & Linked. In this way, for example, all items to be checked for an employee in a certain period can be displayed. In input fields, the search can be started via Return. If an employee or the purchasing area is selected in the combo boxes, the search does not start immediately in order to be able to set further restrictions. In this case, the start button starts the multiple search.