This is the description of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set": An order set enables you to order individual parts at a group/total price. In the order, the price of the order set is distributed proportionally to sub-items. The subitems are inserted into the order from the sales set in the order or directly from the order set.The order set only serves as a grouping aid, i.e. the incoming invoice and all other transactions (goods receipt, purchase order, putaway) only refer to the subparts. No transactions are linked to the order set.The order set is currently only available for the automatically generated orders for an order. Generated requisitions and/or orders from the requirements and stock list do not use order sets in the standard scope of functions. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding Overview part, set, sales set, order set and order item: If a sales set is used on the sales side, there are various options to order it as a set or as a part. Relevant here is the assignment to the order article or to the order set. The creation and assignment of the rolls to a part or to a set is done from the rolls. According to the table an order set can only be assigned to one set. Thus the set is automatically created when the order set is created. When creating an order article, the user has to make a selection whether a part is to be assigned, a part is to be created as a pure order article or a set is to be created. The assignment to the sales set is made from the maintenance screen of the set. If a part is selected here, the corresponding order role is assigned. If an order article or an order set is selected here, the assignment is made via the set or the part that has already been assigned to the order set/article. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding Input window: In the input window all data for order sets are maintained. To select an order set directly, enter the desired number in the field Number and confirm with RETURN. To search for order sets in the list window, select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding List window: Used to list the order set. In this mask all available order sets are displayed. You can search for individual entries by number, description or purchasing area or sort the complete list. With a double click on the desired entry the mask 'order set of ' opens in which you can now revise all data given there. With 'OK' you can save your changes. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an order set. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseSet" with the name "Order set" regarding Technical documentation: Has changed:.