This is the description of the module "purchaseRequisitionLoggingsList" with the name "Approved requisition": A distinction is made between four types of requisition request: Consumables (own use) Capital goods (own consumption) Customer requirements (e.g. orders) Storage needs Personal use (consumables or capital goods) must be approved by a supervisor. Customer and warehouse requirements are automatically approved if the "Approval" checkbox is not selected. The approved requisitions are automatically distributed to the individual purchasing staff members, since each purchase order item has been assigned to a purchasing area ("Purchasing area" field in the purchase order item window) and the purchasing areas have been assigned to the purchasing staff members(structure PURCHASING_GROUPS "Purchasing areas"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisitionLoggingsList" with the name "Approved requisition" regarding Functionality: The user automatically sees the requirements of his purchasing areas to be ordered, but can also access the purchasing folders of other clerks. The documents that are displayed are located in the activity folder of the corresponding user in the subfolder "Requirement request item" / "Requirement request item approved". Select the responsible agent. All approved purchase requisitions open. To trigger the purchase order, you must select the item that is to be ordered. Via 'Enter new purchase order' or via 'Edit - Purchase order - Enter new purchase order' the system automatically assigns a consecutive order number and you reach the window 'Purchase order item ', which consists of the requirement item. You can now revise this item, e.g. insert prices or change the order text etc. With 'OK' you save the item and with 'Close' you reach the window 'Order'. The approved requisition window has the following functions: The functions are always executed on all selected list items. If you want to create a new purchase order, for example, you must first select the requirement items and then either press the button Press or call up the menu item "Edit -> Purchase order -> Enter new purchase order". Before entering a new or extending an existing (open) order, appropriate security questions are asked. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisitionLoggingsList" with the name "Approved requisition" regarding Purity: Purity means the following and is explained here using the example of supplier purity: Parts A, B and C are marked in the list of approved requisitions. Part A and B have the same main supplier, part C has a different one. First of all, an order for part A is created, which is extended by that for part B. Now the system notices that part C has a different main supplier and opens a new order. The same is true when extending orders, which can be opened in the background behind the list of approved requirement requests. It is checked whether the supplier on the purchase orders open in the background is the same as the main supplier of the part to be extended. Each project can contain various other purities (requester, project, delivery address) This purity can be switched off via the menu: Edit->Orders->Expand order (forced/no purity). In the module, all other requisition items can actually also be displayed (which are posted in other subfolders of the "requisition item" folders). Via the menu item "Status selection", another status (default always "Approved") can be selected for this, e.g. "Partially ordered". The latter status is also very important, as the only partially ordered requisitions still appear in the respective MRP accounts, but no longer in the list of (only) approved requisitions. In such a view, the list can be filtered with the right mouse button or via the menu item Edit-> Display filter, if possible, as follows: The window title shows which status (in round brackets) and which filter (in square brackets) is currently selected (e.g. "Requirement request items (approved) [[all]"). In the list, a column refers to certain special situations. These are: - Unit error between requisition and purchase order items, - erroneous totals, - existing purchase orders but cancelled. This is the description of the functionality of the module "purchaseRequisitionLoggingsList" with the name "Approved requisition" regarding Class: -.