This is the description of the module "puriitem" with the name "Order request item": Order enquiries are needed to determine the price of one or more articles. It is also possible to request proofs of origin. Purchase requisitions can be generated from the Approved Requisitions window and the Automatic Requisitions window or entered manually. A price comparison between individual articles can only be carried out for generated requests for quotation that have been requested from several suppliers. When generating an order or the extension of an order you will receive security prompts. The exact description of the functions is in a separate section. This is the description of the functionality of the module "puriitem" with the name "Order request item" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain order request items. You can select a purchase requisition item by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". Click on 'Part' to open the search mask for the order item, from which you can now select the appropriate article. Then complete the fields quantity, desired date and price. In the fields 'AB- supplier' and 'delivery date' you can enter a value after the supplier has submitted a quotation in order to be able to compare the quotations later. Press 'OK' to save the item and the machine assigns an item number. This is the description of the functionality of the module "puriitem" with the name "Order request item" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an order request item. This is the description of the functionality of the module "puriitem" with the name "Order request item" regarding Price comparison: This window serves to compare order requests and order request items. When calling up this function via a purchase requisition, a purchase requisition item or a requirement request, all purchase requisitions are automatically compared with each other via the document history: Here, purchase requisitions are (currently) compiled using the following preceding documents: Tender invitations, requirement requests, sales orders and sales quotations. The aim of this functionality is to find the cheapest supplier. This comparison can be made on the level of individual parts (order request items) or on the level of a complete order request. The latter is especially necessary if several different parts are to be ordered, e.g. in order to achieve quantity discounts or if the total price of the order request is more important than the unit price of the parts. If an enquiry is sent to the same supplier several times (e.g. if renegotiations are necessary), the price development is shown in columns 1. enquiry, 2. enquiry, etc. Besides the price, the confirmed delivery date is also compared.