This is the description of the module "qm_relations_qm" with the name "Quality assurance - Relationships": Description Functionality Related topics Technical documentation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qm_relations_qm" with the name "Quality assurance - Relationships" regarding with CX_COMPOUND_TXN::subTransactions (REL_M1 - ordered):: With this and the following 3 tests the tracking of relations with DrainWindow and AdjustStrucutre is checked, but always under different conditions. This first test is dedicated to the ordered M:1 relations and subTransactions. After the call 4 windows appear. The left two show all objects in the left part. If one selects an object, the right part shows the objects related to the object, but in a different way. While in the upper example only the related objects are shown in the right part, in the lower example all objects are always shown and those with a relationship are marked. In the upper right window the whole network of relationships is shown again as a tree structure. In order to test the tracking now, the relations must be changed. This can be done in all three windows. Objects can be dragged from the left part of the lower window into the left part of the upper window, various objects can be selected additionally in the lower window or the objects can be moved arbitrarily within the tree structure. In each case a change must be saved by clicking on the corresponding 'save' button. The tree structure can be updated with a click on 'redisplay'. The window at the bottom right shows the actions carried out after a change of the relations and thus provides continuous information about the function of the tracking mechanism. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qm_relations_qm" with the name "Quality assurance - Relationships" regarding with CX_PERSON::children (REL_M1 - ordered):: As above, but only with children and using CX_PERSON to test REL_M1 relationships. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qm_relations_qm" with the name "Quality assurance - Relationships" regarding with CX_STREET_ADDRESS::objects (REL_MN - UNordered):: As above, but with objects and CX_STREET_ADDRESS. Furthermore, this test deals with disordered M:N relations. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qm_relations_qm" with the name "Quality assurance - Relationships" regarding with CX_ITEM::attributeSet.attributes (COLL ordered):: As above, but with CX_ITEM and a disordered collection. In addition, the lower left window is not available for this test.