This is the description of the module "qualassu" with the name "Quality assurance": Recording of the quality assurance documents. All goods receipt items which are subject to QA at the time of posting must be checked by the quality assurance department before they can be put into storage or made available for predecessors. QA required means that they had the QA mark on the part or on one of the requisition, purchase order or goods receipt documents at the specified time. The indicator is frozen during posting so that a subsequent change cannot trigger any errors in further processing. On the delivery schedule of an order for a QA part, the quantity still to be inspected is saved when the goods receipt is posted (inAssurance.quantity). This quantity is reduced by the inspected quantity when a subsequent QA document is posted. The goods receipt document itself therefore takes over the posting of the QA and goods receipt quantities. The storage account also shows this quantity still to be checked. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qualassu" with the name "Quality assurance" regarding Input window: This window is used to maintain quality assurance documents. You can select a quality assurance document by entering the required number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". You can create a new document by pressing the insert button and thus enter a new item. If you insert a position you can select the predecessor for quality assurance via the context menu of the button. In the case of goods receipts, the selection window for goods receipt items to be checked appears. For intermediate storage and stock removal a selection window of documents and items appears. There you can select one or more items and transfer them to quality assurance by pressing the OK button. The quantity of the predecessor is taken over as default and also as "in inspection" quantity. If you post the document, the "in inspection" quantity is renamed to "quantity OK". With a double click on the inserted position the window ' Quality assurance position' opens. The 'Book' button is used to set the item to the status "Staging", "Goods receipt item to be stored" or "to be checked by cost centre" and to forward it to the appropriate places. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qualassu" with the name "Quality assurance" regarding Position window: In the field 'In inspection' you can specify the quantity of parts inspected and found to be OK, which automatically adjusts the field 'Back'. In the field 'Complaint' you can add any comments you may have about the inspection. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qualassu" with the name "Quality assurance" regarding List window: Serves to list the quality assurance. This is the description of the functionality of the module "qualassu" with the name "Quality assurance" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a quality assurance.