This is the description of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry": Besides digital circulars (= notification) and work orders (= processing), enquiries (= planning) are the third pillar for the execution of tasks. Requests can be made by external partners (customers, suppliers, etc.) or internal partners (employees) and assigned to an internal or external contact person. Enquiries can refer to an industrial plant, a cost object, a sales order or a cost centre. Requests can be nested as deeply as desired, i.e. they can be grouped into topics or request nodes, which are themselves assigned to higher-level topics or request nodes. A request is described as a text (by means of short and long text), any documents can be assigned (associated) to it. If an enquiry is to be processed, a work order, service call, quotation or order can be created from the enquiry and hourly records can be made with reference to the enquiry. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding Input window: This window is used for maintaining requests. You can select a request by entering the desired number in the Number field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to call up the list window, please select the menu item "Search". This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding List window: Serves for the selection and listing of requests. These can be output either as a list or in a structured tree view. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a request. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding Description: In the perspective window the requests can be arranged in a structure. A query can be assigned to different structure nodes. This makes it possible to visualise the responsibility or the scheduling for the requests in a structure. Other objects can also be sorted into the tree by Drag & Drop. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding General: The main window with the perspectives. Here the folder structure with the contained objects is displayed and all other functions are available via menu and toolbar. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding Additional data: Input mask for additional data. This is the description of the functionality of the module "request" with the name "Technical enquiry" regarding Folder: With the help of the freely createable folders, the requests can be grouped together. A request can be assigned to any number of these folders. Creating folders.