This is the description of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list": This module is used to process order-specific production parts lists. These are the bills of materials which are generated by the system by exploding master bills of materials, taking into account the characteristics and their values specified from a customer order, warehouse order or advance requirement. The term "explosion" refers to the selection of entries from, for example, variant parts list items or the calculation of quantities and/or characteristic values. As a special feature it should be noted that in the so-called tree view of the parts list, the calculated total quantity is displayed for each parts list entry, although only individual quantities are entered. If you change a quantity on any level in the parts list, all quantities on the levels below are automatically updated, i.e. multiplied out and the required total quantities are displayed. Normally, ClassiX® assumes that at least a "rough" variant bill of material is defined for each part in the system. This avoids having to define and enter a separate master bill of material for each special case in advance. Within the scope of technical processing and design, this order-specific exploded production bill of materials is then adapted or designed more precisely with regard to parts, characteristic values and quantities. The changes are then only valid for the respective order item. To quickly create new parts lists, it is possible to drag a part from the parts master into the production parts list structure using the mouse. This way only the quantity needs to be adjusted and if necessary the new item needs to be exploded (if it is an assembly - red gear symbol!). In principle, however, it is also possible to completely redefine the order-specific production parts list. Note: If, for example, within an order-specific production bill of materials - which was exploded or generated from a "standard" bill of materials - somewhere on a lower structural level, one part is exchanged for another part, then this production bill of materials no longer "matches" the original "standard" bill of materials. Basically, this is then also a completely new assembly, in general terms, all higher-level parts have been redefined as a result - although they still have their original part number in this production bill of materials. This procedure should therefore only be used in order to be able to quickly and pragmatically comply with any customer request for (simple) "exotic" parts (e.g. exchanging the screws for other screw heads). As the production parts lists are retained in the system, it is always possible to trace what has been installed where: However, the order itself must always be queried in the system. It is therefore recommended to make changes to production BOMs only for variant parts (the "uniqueness" of the BOM is anyway only ensured by the characteristic values defined in the order) and possibly to mark a characteristic of such parts with a version. Attention: Due to changes in the production bill of materials, it can happen that the routing of the parent part no longer matches the current production bill of materials. In order to be able to find out these items, there is an item"Display number of entries (production bill of material/master bill of material)" in the view options in the menu "Edit". If this option is set, information is displayed after each line in the production parts list tree: (x/x). The front x represents the number of parts list entries of the exploded production parts list below this entry. The back x represents the number of parts list entries of the master parts list of this entry. In this way, rough changes to the exploded production parts lists compared to the master parts lists can be detected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Special work plan: On each item of the exploded production bill of material, a special routing / one-off routing can be stored which is used for the following production order. In the same way, the total time of all work sequences from this special routing later on in the parts request is the lead time with which the first scheduling is started. So if a production part, which has a master routing over 9 days, is supplemented with a special routing of only one day, only one day is scheduled for this item later in the parts request. This means that the throughput times can be changed in advance using special work plans. Please note: If several BOM items are grouped together for the same part in the parts request, and a special routing has been stored for only one of them, this special routing is used for all BOM items (because of the only parts request item that is created from all identical parts!). This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding One-time work schedule: If a routing is to be defined at the time the production bill of materials is created, a one-off routing can be created at each exploded production bill of materials item. This is a master routing that is only valid for this order and cannot be found later via the normal master search. In order to get an overview of all routings / one-off routings for a production bill of materials, it is possible to display the routings in the tree. A toolbar button with the routing symbol above the tree is provided for this purpose. If a one-off routing is to be extended or even created, it is sufficient to drag the workstation from the resource list to the higher-level bill of materials item with the mouse. If a master special task list was already connected to this bill of material, this connection is released and a one-time task list is created after a query. In this case the one-time task list does not open at all but only its first position with the work centre dragged into the tree. Here it only needs to be filled in and saved and then it also appears in the tree of the production parts list. By double-clicking, one-time task list items can be opened and edited directly. In order to avoid accidentally changing a global master routing, this function is only allowed for one-time routing items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Structural assembly: A component consists of several sub-assemblies to be assembled. In the exploded parts list you can see the subassemblies to be installed under the main part. However, the production department itself would like to save the sub-steps for the assembly and scheduling of subassemblies and assemble them directly only when the main part is assembled. For these cases, the subassemblies are marked in the parts list as constructive assemblies, i.e. the design department sees these parts as subassemblies, but in the production department the subassemblies of the constructive assemblies are all assembled together without the constructive assemblies. The production department sees this parts list as shown in figure 3 The subparts of a constructive assembly located in the exploded production bill of materials are moved up one level in the production order as if the constructive assembly were not even present in the exploded bill of materials and all subparts of the constructive assembly are moved directly to the position where the constructive assembly itself is located. Figure 1: Figure 2: Figure 3: The parts Test4 and Test5 therefore move below the top level, the constructive assembly is not considered further. In this example, all parts are required on manufacturing level 1. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Disposable assembly: In the case of the disposable assemblies, one must distinguish between 2 different scenarios: If a bill of material is linked in a production role and an entry exists in the MRP product structure, the specified part is "pushed" on the entry of the MRP product structure below the production part when the production bill of material is exploded. All parts which are specified in the bill of material item list on the purely MRP assembly are therefore moved from the higher-level bill of material below the new entry. To create a purely MRP assembly, the system starts from the production role to be inserted in between, creates a purely MRP entry there and selects the bill of material with its items from the higher-level bill of material. This purely dispositive entry is then visible both in the initial production roll and in the production roll of the intermediate part. Attention! A purely disposable assembly is not visible in the normal production parts list display: In the dispositive manufacturing structure, the purely dispositive assembly "Test3" appears in the end. For this part a part request item is also created. The parts cx0005 and cx0006 are then arranged below it. An MRP assembly defined by the master is a production part that does not have its own bill of material and contains entries from other, higher-level bills of material in another production part in the "MRP product structure" list. (See here for technical pattern) A condition can only be entered for entries in the MRP product structure if the assembly is a purely MRP assembly. Further information on assembly parts lists and on purely disposable assemblies. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Change of already processed parts lists: An important point here is that the directly superior production order items must be reprinted after a bill of material item has been added or deleted. For this purpose there is a date on the production order item after the change and on the header, which is supposed to say that the already printed production papers have to be collected and reprinted/distributed. This date can be seen in the production order processing mask and in the worklist in the 2nd column. It disappears again after "real" printing of the production documents. Adding parts list items If a parts request for a parts list has already been created and further processed, the corresponding parts list entries can no longer be changed. However, new items can be inserted under production order BOM items if the part request is not released. If the part request has already been released, the release must be cancelled. To insert an item in the parts list, mark the parts list item under which a new item is to be inserted. In the context menu, which can be opened by right-clicking on the selected position, the entry "Insert" has to be selected. A security question will appear which must be answered with YES. Now the parts list item can be created and edited in the usual way. All parts that are included in the production bill of materials must be exploded if there is a production bill of materials for the part, even if this item is actually only to be ordered. How the part is to be planned is set later in the part request. If the parts list item is now complete and is to be processed further, the entry "Edit->Straggler->Extend parts request" must be selected in the main menu. A new parts requisition item is created for each newly created parts list item (without merging with existing parts list items!!), which is planned immediately, i.e. the new parts requisition item is given its standard planning type (warehouse reservation/purchase requisition/production order) and the procurement time is determined and saved based on this. Now the item only needs to be scheduled and further processed using graphical scheduling from the parts requisition: After the appropriate steps have been taken, the part request must now be released at the end via the menu "Edit->Further processing->Release part request". Deletion of parts list items If a parts list item is to be deleted, this can also be done from the parts list. However, the following conditions apply: After checking the conditions, the parts list items are deleted, as are the attached parts request items, provided they are not still needed by other parts list items. exception: If a cancelled successor document is already attached to the part request of the BOM item to be deleted, then both the BOM item and the part request item (if no longer required) are cancelled and displayed with a red X in the BOM. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Known change scenarios: Here are instructions on what exactly to do if a change is to be made:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Creation of an advance requirement for a part from a parts list: Via the menu "Edit>Preliminary requirements>Create preliminary requirements for part from selected item" a preliminary requirements item for the part can be created for the selected item. All required characteristics from the parts list or the order item are transferred to the advance requirement. Furthermore, the required quantity and the order as predecessor for the advance requirement header are copied. Even if a production part of a bill of material is taken over into a preliminary requirement, which still has subparts that in turn require further characteristics, these are directly taken over into the preliminary requirement item as they were set in the order or the bill of material. If the part for preliminary planning is a production part, the production bill of materials for this item is also copied. This ensures that in the case of processed production parts lists, these changes are also transferred to the advance requirement. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Detaching of parts list nodes from the parts list into a preliminary requirement: If the customer requests changes to an order item that has already been processed, it may be necessary to change the main part on the order item. As this would change the exploded bill of material, and production orders have already been created, for example, this change can no longer be carried out. There are now 2 options available: If you open the exploded parts list of the order item, a new menu item "Edit->Preliminary requirements" is available. It contains 2 entries: "Move selected node to advance requirement" and "Move all subitems of selected node to advance requirement". Attention! Constructive assemblies are dissolved! This means that when a constructive assembly is selected and the menu item "Move selected node to preliminary requirement" is chosen, not the constructive assembly itself but only its sub-items, which are not constructive assemblies themselves, are moved to a preliminary requirement. Only one preliminary requirements header is created for a bill of material, which then contains all the sub-items created. It is possible to extend an advance requirement that already exists for this order. To do this, the existing advance requirement must be opened before the BOM items are released. The system then checks whether the order header in the opened preliminary requirement is identical to that from the BOM item to be released. If not, a new preliminary requirement is created. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Input window: In the tree view, the parts list items can be moved freely in the parts list structure as long as they have not yet been further processed. Exceptions are order and stock parts: Sub-items of them cannot be shifted, as they are only in stock or can be ordered with their original parts list. If a part has already been moved once, the original parent position is saved to it. This means that it can also be extracted from parts lists of ordered and stock parts, for example if they have been moved here by mistake. If a part cannot be moved successfully, the reason is displayed on the status bar of the window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Care window: In this window the entries of a production bill of materials are maintained. In particular, it is possible to exchange the part and/or its bill of material, to make entries for the MRP structure and to make quantity adjustments. On the uppermost bill of material node, a check is carried out to ensure that the bill of material quantity matches the quantity of the predecessor order. Attribute maintenance In addition to the 'normal' options for inserting, creating or removing attributes, further functions are available in the maintenance window of the parts list items. Note: In a production bill of materials, the attributes do not refer to the same attributes at a higher level, as is the case in the order. Therefore, it should be avoided to insert attributes that are already defined in the production BOM or the preceding document. Serial numbers Here the serial numbers are displayed, which were used in the parts list items. Especially the serial numbers which were assigned by the supplier have to be entered here, as these parts do not appear in any production order. The following menu items are used to edit the serial numbers via the parts list:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Selection window: In this window you can search for already exploded production parts lists. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding List window: With this window exploded production parts lists are displayed in a list form instead of a tree structure. If one selects an entry in the list with a double click, one goes directly back to the selected bill of material item in the tree structure. Right-clicking opens the maintenance window of the selected BOM item. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Result check of parts list: This window displays the result if the function "Check bill of material" was called up from the editing window of the production bill of material. However, the check is also carried out directly after the production parts list has been created (exploded). The list shows the parts list items for which the check has revealed an error or warning message. The following cases will be examined:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Parts list comparison: With this application it is possible to compare an exploded bill of material with another exploded bill of material. The similarities and differences are displayed in the result list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Example: The customer orders a clockwise rotating system. The order item is released, the production bill of materials is exploded and production is started. After some of the components of the system have already been completed, the customer answers, apologises and now wishes the system to rotate counterclockwise. In this concrete example, the procedure would now be that a new order item is created via the anticlockwise rotating system and its production bill of materials is exploded. The two production parts lists are then compared via the parts list comparison in order to identify the identical and the different components. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Call up the parts list comparison: There are two ways to call up the parts list comparison. On the one hand you can call up the menu item "Edit -> Conversion -> Compare parts list with other parts list" in an existing production parts list. In the example above you would do this from the parts list of the clockwise rotating plant. The parts list is then taken over as the initial parts list. If you call it up manually, an empty mask opens and the initial parts list must be selected manually via the selection mask of the order items. The next step is to select the target parts list. This is also done via the selection mask of the order items or by drag&drop of the order item. Finally the toolbar button "Start comparison" must be pressed to start the comparison. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Evaluation of the parts list comparison: The results of the comparison now appear in the results list in the lower part of the window. The first column in this list is the type of result:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Navigation: If a result list entry is double-clicked, the associated parts list items in both trees, if available, are marked. So if you double-click on an entry that starts with "Found", the first occurrence of this part is displayed in both parts lists. Via the two parts list trees, the context menu can also be used to navigate to the other parts list and to the results window. See "Menu" description below. Toolbar. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Parts list comparison - Options: Via this option window, advanced settings for the parts list comparison can be made. This is the description of the functionality of the module "resolbom" with the name "Exploded (production) parts list" regarding Amount Structure: .