This is the description of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer": The warehouse employee selects a picking list and picks the goods from this picking list lying in his picking zone onto a picking cart or other picking container (pick container). As soon as the trolley/container is full or there are no further picks for this picking list in the picking zone, the warehouse worker places the trolley/container in a storage area for further processing. Usually this is a storage bin in one of the following storage areas Packing Winding Provision During storage, the warehouse employee is shown whether the goods need to be consolidated (e.g. because goods from other picking zones still need to be picked for this picking list) and whether goods from this picking list are already picked in another storage bin. The warehouse employee tries to place the goods in the same storage bin where goods from this picking list are already stored. The strategies for depositing are defined customer-specifically in each case. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Pick list selection via ID: Choice of the picking list . This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Pick list selection via picking licence: Picked goods are stored as previously discussed in a storage location in one of the three zone types filed. Completely picked goods that leave with parcel services are deposited in the packing area, completely picked goods that leave with the forwarding agent are deposited in the wrapping zone. Goods that are not completely picked are normally placed in the staging area. If goods are in the staging area, a warehouse worker can continue the picking process for the pick list assigned to the goods by scanning one of the pick containers located in this zone. HESTIA then determines the pick list independently, i.e. the process of explicit pick list selection is omitted. This is exactly what the two menu items "Pick list selection via pick licence" and "Pick on pick licence" are intended for. The difference between the two processes is that with "Pick list selection via pick licence" the warehouse worker is prompted to use a new pick container (see "Pick container selection"), while with "Pick licence on" the warehouse worker picks up the already deposited pick container again and continues the picking process in it. In both cases, you can then continue with "Assign open picks". The two picking list options are possible with every picking container in the picking process that has been placed in a storage bin (so it does not necessarily have to be a storage bin in the consolidation zone). This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Continue picking licence (select pick container / assign open picks).: Picked goods are stored as previously discussed in a storage location in one of the three zone types Put away. Completely picked goods that leave with parcel services are deposited in the packing area, completely picked goods that leave with the forwarding agent are deposited in the wrapping zone. Goods that are not completely picked are normally placed in the provision zone. If goods are in the staging area, a warehouse worker can continue the picking process for the pick list assigned to the goods by scanning one of the pick containers located in this zone. HESTIA then determines the pick list independently, i.e. the process of explicit pick list selection is omitted. This is exactly what the two menu items "Pick list selection via pick licence" and "Pick on pick licence" are intended for. The difference between the two processes is that with "Pick list selection via pick licence" the warehouse worker is prompted to use a new pick container (see "Pick container selection"), while with "Pick on pick licence" the warehouse worker picks up the already deposited pick container and continues the picking process in it. In both cases, you can then continue with "Assign open picks". The two picking list options are possible with every picking container in the picking process that has been placed in a storage bin (so it does not necessarily have to be a storage bin in the consolidation zone). This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Assign open picks: After a pick list has been selected, all open picks of this pick list in the selected pick zone are assigned to the warehouse worker. The warehouse worker is then asked to specify the pick container: All open picks of a pick zone can only be assigned to one warehouse worker at a time. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Choice of pick container: The warehouse worker now scans an LHM or a picking trolley/box into which the picked goods are collected. If this PRT does not yet exist in the system (e.g. because the numbers are taken from a tear-off roll), the PRT is newly created in the system by specifying the PRT type (standard container). This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Store goods: If the picking process is ended (automatically or by means of "ESC") and goods were actually picked onto the pick container, the dialogue for depositing the goods appears. Here the warehouse worker scans the storage location where the goods are to be deposited and then selects how the goods are to be deposited: as a licence or as individual parts. The validation of the storage location is usually implemented on a customer-specific basis. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Display print VAS list: If the customer order specifies that additional work is to be carried out (VAS = Value Added Services), a dialogue appears asking whether the corresponding work instruction is to be printed. The screen is NOT shown below. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_pickandcollect_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner PickAndCollect customer" regarding Display pick note of the pick list: Afterwards, the pick instruction is displayed to the warehouse employee, which is valid for the entire pick list.