This is the description of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer": A customer orders goods (sales order) and specifies when and how the goods are to be delivered. The sales order and the specifications are recorded in the order office. The goods are then assembled in the warehouse according to the specifications and shipped.Preparation:Host systemEnter customer orderRelease pick list based on sales orderHESTIARead sales order and pick list into HESTIARelease picklist, allocate, release allocation. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding PickAndCollect customer: Event The warehouse employee selects a picking list and picks the goods from this picking list lying in his picking zone onto a picking cart or other picking container (pick container). As soon as the trolley/container is full or there are no further picks for this picking list in the picking zone, the warehouse worker places the trolley/container in a storage area for further processing. Usually this is a storage bin in one of the following storage areas During storage, the warehouse employee is shown whether the goods need to be consolidated (e.g. because goods from other picking zones still need to be picked for this picking list) and whether goods from this picking list are already picked in another storage bin. The warehouse employee tries to place the goods in the same storage bin where goods from this picking list are already stored. The strategies for depositing are defined customer-specifically in each case. The following entry points are available The menu item Settings is used to define the pick zone. If no pick zone has been selected, the selection of the pick zone appears automatically when the other three menu items are selected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding PickAndDrop customer: Event Goods that have to be picked as individual picks (e.g. whole pallets or large parts) are picked up individually by a forklift and transported directly to the appropriate place in one of the zones turned off. The pick to be made is automatically assigned to the warehouse employee. He has the choice of specifying a picking list (picking list selection via picking licence) or simply selecting the next pending pick without taking a picking list into account (automatic picking list selection). When parking, the warehouse employee is shown whether the goods need to be consolidated (e.g. because goods from other picking zones still need to be picked for this picking list) and whether goods from this picking list are already picked in another storage bin. The warehouse employee tries to place the goods in the same storage bin where goods from this picking list are already stored. This is similar to the storage of goods at PickAndCollect. The strategies for filing are defined customer-specifically in each case. The following three entrances are available: The Settings menu item is used to define the forklift trucks assigned to the employee and to select the picking zone in which the warehouse employee works. The second selection only appears if there is more than one truck picking zone. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding Transport of goods: In the picking process, picked goods are placed in storage aids (PickAndCollect) or the goods are already in storage aids (PickAndDrop - storage aids). These are placed in storage bins after the picking process. In the case of large parts, it is ensured that these are placed on a storage aid after picking, which in turn is placed in a storage bin. The following entries are available: Under Settings, the warehouse employee selects the forklift truck as with PickAndDrop. Then he can pick up the licence to be transported. If the settings have not been run through, the selection of the stacker appears automatically when the other menu items are selected. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding Packing for customer: If all the goods on a pick list have been picked and are in the appropriate place in the shipping area (this includes the packing, wrapping and staging zones), the goods can be packed and shipped. Remarks: The goods can be consolidated before dispatch. There are several possible combinations with "Pack for customer". See also "Processes - Outgoing goods - To customer - Consolidation customer". Packing can only be started when all the goods in a pick list are in exactly one shipping zone. If the goods are in several shipping zones, they must first be brought to the zone where the packing process takes place. Normally this is done with " Processes - Outgoing goods - To customer - Goods transport - Transport picked licence", but it is also possible with "Processes - Outgoing goods - To customer - Consolidation customer". The following entries are available:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding Consolidation Customer: After the picking process, the picked goods are placed on the storage locations. Depending on the case, an order of the goods suitable for shipping can already be achieved when picking the goods or when subsequently depositing the goods. If this is not the case, the goods can be consolidated. This saves space and thus shipping costs. Remarks: The employee is already informed when the picked goods are deposited that they have to be consolidated. As a rule, the goods are then placed in a staging area so as not to get in the way of goods that can be packed directly. The function "Processes - Outgoing goods - To customer - Pack for customer - Pack licence" can also be used for the pick containers standing in the staging area. The following entries are available:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "scanner_main_processes_outbound_shiptocustomer_app_scanner" with the name "Scanner goods issue to customer" regarding Help: Help 1 Help 2 Help 3.