This is the description of the module "serienbrief" with the name "Serial letters and other mass mailings": ClassiX速 offers you the possibility to easily create different mass mailings and to archive them accordingly as processes. Procedure Application example: Sales area. This is the description of the functionality of the module "serienbrief" with the name "Serial letters and other mass mailings" regarding Procedure: The 'Recipients' tab takes you to the list of recipients. With the button 'Insert' you can add as many recipients as you like. At the same time, the corresponding process folders are automatically entered in the lower list so that the mailing campaign is also archived. Please note that for letters and faxes the Word document on the first tab always shows only the first recipient, even if the process is opened later from another process folder. However, all recipients are always taken into account when printing or sending. In order to print the letter or send the fax, please click on the corresponding button at the top of the toolbar. Here in the print preview you can check all recipient data. You can send an e-mail directly with the @-button or alternatively open it again in Outlook with the corresponding button. ClassiX速 always creates e-mails in Rich Text Format. If you want to send in another format, you have to open the e-mail in Outlook and change the format manually. This is the description of the functionality of the module "serienbrief" with the name "Serial letters and other mass mailings" regarding Application example: Sales area: For example, if a sales area changes, all customers in that area must be notified. This is therefore an ideal case for using serial letters. First of all, all customers in the sales area must be located. For this purpose, the sales area can be selected as a search criterion in the customer list by clicking the corresponding button. Now it is best to check the customer data once again and if necessary update it (see also the documentation on partner maintenance). After maintaining the data, this compilation of contacts should best be recorded somewhere. For such cases ClassiX速 offers personal favourites. The first thing to do is to create a new folder for the data in the Favourites. This can be done via the menu 'Edit' - 'Folder' - 'New' (see also the documentation on the favourites). Now all contacts from the company list can be dragged into this folder by using drag & drop. From now on, the compilation is always quickly available here. Now it is time to create the actual letter. For this purpose you open (as described above) your own process folder. Here you create a new task of the type 'letter' (see also the documentation about task folders). Now the editing mask for the document opens. On the first tab you can set the subject and edit the letter in Word. But the second tab is interesting, here the recipients are inserted. To do this, simply drag and drop entire folders from the favourites into the recipient list and ClassiX速 automatically adds all contained contacts to the recipients. Finally, the letter only needs to be printed, which is possible via the menu or the corresponding toolbar button.