This is the description of the module "solutions_cloud" with the name "CLOUD - Solution": Our app suites and digital solutions can either be installed in your house and on your hardware (on premise) or you can simply use the software as SaaS in our classix Cloud. Then you no longer have to worry about the IT infrastructure, you only need internet access.This page provides a brief overview of how to manage your CLOUD account and your booked apps. Please call up the description of the individual app suites separately (see menu on the left).The functional scope of our solutions in the CLOUD is identical to that of an installation on premise in your company. This is the description of the functionality of the module "solutions_cloud" with the name "CLOUD - Solution" regarding New registration: For a new registration in our classix CLOUD, please go to the CLOUD homepage: https://classix.cloud/ If you would like to book a product for free testing directly during registration, please click on Start free online for the corresponding product. Alternatively, you can also create an account without a product by first clicking Login at the top and then clicking Register new user account for free. Please fill out the form completely and click on Save at the end. After a short time you should receive an email with a link to complete the registration. If you do not receive the email, please also check your spam filter. This is the description of the functionality of the module "solutions_cloud" with the name "CLOUD - Solution" regarding Account management: After you have registered with the CLOUD, you will see any apps you have already booked on the start page. In order to be able to manage your account, e.g. for the registration of further apps or for the access of further administrators, please click on CLOUD Account in the menu. A window opens with several tabs, the meaning of which is explained here. You can start an app directly from the account management. Starting an app can take a little time, as a separate, self-contained instance with its own database is created and started for this purpose. This is because, for the security of your data, it is located exclusively in its own database, which is assigned only to you. In another database, completely separate from your database, only the data for managing your account is kept. Therefore, it is possible that system administrators must register in the CLOUD account management with your e-mail as user ID, but can have a different user ID in your own database. Users who are not registered as system administrators of your CLOUD account are exclusively stored in your own database and are also only maintained there. For this purpose, you can maintain the users of your own database from the account administration (button "System Administration Client Database" under the tab "Infrastructure"). When you terminate your CLOUD account, the administrators of your account and your company data are deleted from the account management (there is no more data in this database). Secondly, the database assigned exclusively to you will be completely deleted. This ensures that all your data is completely deleted.