This is the description of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs": On this page you will find frequently asked questions that are asked to our support. We hope that some of the answers will help you immediately. Of course, our support team is also happy to help you personally. General Import Preparations for an inventory sampling Stratification Extrapolation Evaluations Counting list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding How can I start the desktop application?: In order to start the desktop application, you need a user who has been assigned the necessary permissions. With this user, you dial in to the server/computer on which GESTIN has been installed. There should be a button on the desktop to start the desktop application. If this is not the case, you can ask your IT where exactly GESTIN was installed or check the hard drives for a "ClassiX" folder. You can then start the desktop application with the file ./ClassiX/Gestin/Projects/Gestin/Gestin.cmd. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding How can I cancel an inventory?: In general, you can cancel an inventory by opening the inventory and clicking "Edit -> Cancel inventory". The cancellation document opens in a new window and must be saved with the diskette symbol (second button from the left in the toolbar). Afterwards the button "Book" is available and you can book the cancellation of the inventory. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding How can I cancel a booked inventory?: First create a cancellation document (described under "How can I cancel an inventory?"). You must then undo the posting of the cancellation document "Edit - Further processing -> Undo posting". Now the inventory is back in the status before the posting and the cancellation document can be deleted via the button with the same name. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding The import of my inventory data aborts because of problems with units. What do I have to do to be able to load the inventory document in GESTIN?: In GESTIN, quantity and price units are handled very precisely. This has the advantage that conversions between known units - for example for all ISO units - are done automatically: If, for example, the unit of quantity is given in "cm" for centimetres, but the price is given in "dm" for decimetres, then the system automatically calculates the value of an inventory item correctly. GESTIN must therefore know all the units used before importing. If you are not sure whether you are using units that GESTIN does not (yet) know, then it is recommended to only test the import of the inventory data at first. At the end of this test run, all units unknown to the system are output. In the main menu, you can then maintain the units under "System - Units". This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding The XLSX import cancels with incomprehensible error messages during data assignment.: Although the import options are set correctly, data content that cannot be found in Excel is flagged. This may be due to the fact that the Excel file also contains data that cannot be viewed due to the external programme export from your application. Please open an empty Excel file and import your data into this file using Ctrl+C/V. When importing the newly created Excel file, this problem should no longer occur. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding When conducting a stratified inventory sampling, how large must the full coverage area be?: The IDW recommends counting 50% of the value of the higher value stock items. In order to carry out a stratified inventory sampling, it is generally assumed that the distribution of values in the warehouse corresponds approximately to the Pareto rule (80:20): 80% of the value of the warehouse is represented by 20% of the warehouse items. If 50% of the warehouse value has to be counted, this means that less than 20% of the warehouse positions have to be counted. The remaining 80% of the stock items are then only sampled. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding I have a warehouse where parts can have several storage locations. However, when putting parts into storage, the booked storage bin does not always correspond to the actual storage bin: the total quantity is always correct. What do I have to do, so that - if a part at one storage location is included in the sample - all other storage locations of this part are also included in the sample?: Before creating the stratification, please select the inventory type "Article across storage bins (grouped by article)". You can set this option in the main window of GESTIN. There you will find the Options button in the Inventories group. Open the options and select in the tab Inventory in the group "Inventory type" the checkbox "Article storage location comprehensive (grouped by article)". This means that in the background the same articles with different storage bins are managed as one inventory item. In the foreground, however, they are still displayed as individual inventory items. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding How do I get back into the stratification window?: The menu item "Evaluations - Sample Inventories" in the main window offers you a list of all existing sample inventories. By double-clicking, the corresponding stratification is called up. In the inventory window you can also use the toolbar to view the document history of a specific inventory. You can see from the document history that the physical inventory has the stratification as a follow-on document (if a stratification has been carried out). By double-clicking on the stratification document, you can display the stratification again. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding I have already carried out item 6 "Extrapolate inventory". Can I still correct the count list values afterwards and how is the extrapolation carried out again?: Yes, you can still edit the count lists. To do this, call up the stratification document again (see under Stratification) and carry out a new extrapolation via the menu item: "Edit - Extrapolate actual count". This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding If I perform a new extrapolation in the stratification, neither the date nor the time column changes. Was the new extrapolation carried out anyway?: The extrapolation was carried out. The figures refer to the period of creation of the stratification. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding In the inventory reports I only find the count list, where do I find the differences, inventory and reconciliation list?: The selection of reports depends on the list view set in the Options screen. (The automatic default setting depends on the current operation). In the inventory window you can recognise the selected list by the group name of the same name directly above the list. Via the menu item "Options" in the group "Display options" you can switch between the different views. This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding Why do the difference values between the final report (Word) and the difference list differ?: In the difference list, the inventory items (selected as a sample or as part of the complete inventory) are displayed whose actual count quantity differs from the target book inventory quantity. These differences in quantity - multiplied by the respective price of an inventory item - also result in value differences, in total a difference in value of the inventory (due to the count) to the original book value. The final report, available as a Word document, shows the difference between the extrapolated inventory value and the original book value. This "extrapolated" final report can and should only be used if an extrapolated inventory value is to be included in the balance sheet: this is possible in principle, but is hardly ever handled in this way today. As a rule, the inventory differences are posted in the ERP system and the resulting book value is transferred to the balance sheet as inventory value. It is therefore recommended that the report "Inventory Sampling History" be used as the final document for the inventory sampling (accessed via the stratification and then via the toolbar by selecting call up the report "Inventory sampling history"). This is the description of the functionality of the module "specialsolutions_gestin-77_faqs" with the name "GESTIN inventory sampling FAQs" regarding How can I force a page break in the count list?: Web application: You can then access the "Reports" submenu item via the "Administration - System" menu item. Desktop application: You can then access the "Reports" sub-menu item via the "Basic data" menu item. All reports are listed there. Select the "Count list" and double-click to open it. Switch to the "Characteristics" tab. There are several features that can be used to influence the pagination on the count list: Double-click on the value to open an editing window for adjustments. Use the "Save+Close" button to save your customisation and double-click to edit the next feature.