This is the description of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules": The employee module is used to maintain the operational data of your own employees. "Own" employees (CX_STAFF_MEMBER) are contact persons of the clients defined in the system, employees of all other companies (CX_CONTACT) are managed separately as "general" contact persons . As a rule, these are "own" employees of the clients defined in the system, who also have a user role in order to have access to the ClassiX system and to be able to operate it. User roles can also be assigned to contact persons of other companies. After logging in to the system, these persons will be identified as processors of the documents they process. As far as the processing of documents is concerned, they are then no longer different from their own employees. Please note the following: By default, all employees of the clients stored in the system are displayed (unless they are stored in their own database domains). To display only the employees of the logged on client, the option "Only employees of the client" can be activated in the option window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules" regarding Input window: This module is used to maintain employee data. You can select an employee by entering the employee number in the Number field and confirm with RETURN. If you want to call up the list of employees, you can either double-click on the "Number" field or select the menu item "Search". In this window you can create and manage your employees. The information necessary for the company can usually be entered in the fields directly or via the menu item 'Edit'. Telephone, fax, e-mail, etc. can also be maintained by clicking the right mouse button in the field 'Business Communication'. The employees created here can also be found in the system as persons. If you want to add private data, we recommend that you do this via the list of persons. Don't forget to link the employee to the corresponding system user, if the employee should have access to the system. For the employee, you define the validity using the entry and leaving dates. Please remember, however, that the validity of the user entry is independent of this! This must be the case, for example, because you may want to block an employee's system access before he or she leaves the company or you may want to continue to grant system access after he or she has left the company. If an image is stored in the person for an employee, this is also displayed in a reduced version on the "Person" tab. If no image is stored, the message "No image" appears here. Fields marked with "italics" represent data directly from the person. If something is changed in one of these fields, the change is applied to all roles and the person himself. All this data can also be maintained directly in the person input window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules" regarding List window: This window is used to list the employees. If an employee has several telephone numbers, only the first one in this list is displayed. Please note the following: By default, only the employees of the selected company are displayed (if the list of contact persons from the list of companies is used). To display all employees of the company, the option "All employees of the company" can be activated in the option window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select an employee. If an employee has several telephone numbers, only the first one in this list is displayed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "staffmem" with the name "Employee modules" regarding purchase areas of the employee: Display of the purchase areas in a tree view, which were assigned to an employee via the user definition.