This is the description of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs": This module is part of the final costing. The actual costs incurred for the sales orders can be listed according to the invoicing status (not invoiced/partially invoiced/invoiced) of the respective sales order and the stock orders can be listed according to the processing status (stored, provided, production order, etc.). The setting for the selection of the sales and stock orders are initialised so that the current "Unfinished products" are listed.The sales orders can also be listed together with the internal work orders assigned to them. Pre-selection by order type is also possible.All actual costs up to the selected accrual period are listed; a from - to periods list is also possible. Orders without costs can be hidden.IMPORTANT! Before calling up the job cost evaluation, the suppressed errors of the individual database operations must have been checked and corrected. Only in this way can the correct result be determined. Missing data in parts can lead to these not being taken into account in the order cost evaluation. Whether all documents assigned to the order have been posted can be checked with the context menu"Display all successors".If the order items are for a part with the staging type Kanban, no disposition, manual warehouse without main warehouse management or Kanban semi-finished product, the cost value on the order item is displayed in the ACTUAL costs column "Warehouse purchased parts".Orders are always assigned to a cost unit, i.e. the costs posted to an order are also posted to the cost unit and can be viewed via the cost unit totals list or the cost type evaluation per cost unit. However, it may well be that costs are only posted to cost units - without specifying an order - which is why there may be differences between the details of the costs in this order cost evaluation and those in the above-mentioned other cost unit lists. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Accrual period: The accrual period defines up to which point in time or from which period costs are to be used for the calculation of order costs in the list. The accrual period is not used to select the orders directly, i.e. you can use it to select orders that were created in a specific period. If the "from-to period" checkbox is not set, all bookings with costs up to the accounting period are taken into account. If the "from-to-period" checkbox is set, only bookings with costs that were booked between the two accounting periods are taken into account. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Check options: Various options are available for checking the order cost evaluation via the context menu (right mouse button) of the list (see). This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Display of recalculated actual documents: Documents are automatically entered for the final costing when they are posted. The current costs are determined from the standard value of the order part or the material and labour costs of the production part. If costs could be determined, the document is displayed with the list "posted documents". In the case of missing costs or other errors due to incomplete or incorrect data, the document is listed with the suppressed errors. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Display of all subsequent documents (from document history).: Display of all documents that were posted with the order and normally contain actual costs for costing. You can output this list "posted documents" selected according to documents with and without costs. Documents without costs were not posted in the final costing and must be checked and posted via the module "suppressed errors". The unposted vouchers can be corrected in the selection "Displayvouchers without costs" via the context menu of the list"Display suppressed errors for voucher". This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Display of recalculated actual material costs: A list of all parts that were posted for the order in the cost estimate with actual costs. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Total costs: Displays the sum of the actual costs for the selected rows. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Recalculate actual costs: Here you can recalculate the actual costs of the stock movements (i.e. stock removal and stock placements), the exploded parts lists (e.g. JIT, KANBAN parts and manual stock) and the PDC working times for the orders selected in the list box. Normally, only the documents that are already taken into account in the final costing are recalculated. However, by setting the checkbox "Check successor documents not taken into account", you can ensure that all successor documents are checked. Each document is booked out of the recalculation and booked in again as selected with the valid costs on the document date or the validity date that can be entered in the mask. The new actual costs are immediately written into the documents and thus into the post-calculation of the order. By recalculating the documents with the document date, you only have the possibility to approximate the old status. Therefore, the call of this function should be carried out with care, preferably in a test environment first. For tracking purposes, all changes to the actual costs of the recalculation are written to the file "NeuBerechnungIstKosten_Datum.log" in the temporary directory. Hint: Note that the system-wide validity date is changed when recalculating. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Document identification: If a document is found in the post-calculation that has the flag realEnd.counter2 = 1 AND realEnd.counter3 = 1, then this document must first be booked out!If a document is found in the post-calculation that has the flag realEnd.counter[[2] = 1 AND realEnd.counter[[3] = 1, then this document must first be booked out! Explanation regarding night runs: As soon as a document has bit 1, 2 or 5, it is no longer used for the night run. If such documents are booked out and in, the calculation is booked immediately. During operation, each document to be booked out must be checked to see whether it must also be booked out of the calculation. The module recognises this at the realEnd.counter3=1. If the item is now booked out, changed and booked in again by the normal booking, the module recognises at the realEnd.counter2 that this document must be booked back into the post-calculation. The realEnd.counter2 is never deleted from the document once it has been set. It is the indicator that the document has already been posted once in the post-calculation.During operation, each document to be booked out must be checked to see whether it must also be booked out of the calculation. The module recognises this by the realEnd.counter[[3]=1. If the item is now booked out, changed and booked in again by the normal booking, the module recognises by the realEnd.counter[[2] that this document must be booked back into the post-calculation. The realEnd.counter[[2] is never deleted from the document once it has been set. It is the indicator that the document has already been posted once in the post-calculation. If the realEnd.counter5 is set on a document, it does not need to be booked out of the post-calculation before normal posting and it does not need to be booked in again! However, this module takes care of this check, it does not need to be checked in any other module!If the realEnd.counter[[5] is set on a document, it does not need to be booked out of the post-calculation before normal posting and it also does not need to be booked in again!!! But this module takes care of this check, it does not need to be checked in any other module!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "statwprg" with the name "Evaluation of order costs" regarding Online posting of vouchers - principles: If the voucher has already been posted to the final costing, it must be booked out beforehand. This is usually implemented via the BookItem and UnbookItem macros of the respective module. Here, before the document is posted out of its normal posting, it is first checked whether bit 3 of the realEnd.counter is set, i.e. whether the document is also posted in the post-calculation: transaction Copy(realEnd.counter3) iftransaction Copy(realEnd.counter[[3]) if { } After posting via the normal update, it must then also be checked whether the document is to be posted to the final costing: Bit 2 of the realEnd.counter s provides information about this. transaction Copy(realEnd.counter2) iftransaction Copy(realEnd.counter[[2]) if { }.