This is the description of the module "substock" with the name "Stock level display": In this module all stocks of a part or a storage location are displayed. In the upper part of the display you can see the dispositive stock on the left and the total stock of the part on the right. The dispositive stock of a part is the stock which is stored in warehouses with stock disposition. It can be reserved for future requirements. The total stock also includes the parts that are available, for example, for employees in manual vehicle warehouses, but which cannot be reserved for order requirements. The manual warehouses are not managed in stock, but have an imputed stock for valuation purposes that is determined by an inventory. If warehouses are assigned to company codes and parts have been posted to warehouses assigned in this way, the stocks in the selected company codes can be displayed. In the respective listings, the stocks in the individual storage bins where the parts are stored are displayed. If at some point a part is posted to a storage bin, a separate line for this storage bin is created in this display. The stock can also be called up via a storage location in order to see which parts are stored here and in what quantities. Furthermore, it is possible to drop parts and storage bins into the display list in order to display their stocks. With this module it is also possible to display the serial numbers available at a storage location. This is the description of the functionality of the module "substock" with the name "Stock level display" regarding Inventory list / - evaluation: This window lists the stock levels of the parts at their storage locations. A context menu is available and can be used to change the stock display, navigate and create a stock transfer (see also Menu). This is the description of the functionality of the module "substock" with the name "Stock level display" regarding Stock in: In this window the stock of parts - restricted by a selected company code - is listed. Menu Edit menu item Description - : Navigate Either by using this menu or by using the right mouse button, you can navigate to the warehouse, bin, part, your logistics account, to the accounting documents or create a stock transfer for a selected line in the list window. Close - : Close the window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "substock" with the name "Stock level display" regarding Options window: All settings for the search can be made here.