This is the description of the functionality of the module "supplier" with the name "Supplier modules" regarding Input window: This module is used to maintain supplier data. You can select a supplier by entering the supplier number in the Number field and confirm with RETURN. Suppliers (creditors) are identified via the menu item 'Partner'-'Suppliers' or the supplier symbol is called up. To create a new business partner, click on 'New' in the opened list. The Supplier window opens, in which you can now enter the relevant data. To edit an existing business partner, double click on the corresponding entry in the supplier list. The fields in the editing windows are confirmed with the 'Tab' key. At the end all new entries are saved by clicking on 'OK'. However, before creating a new vendor, you should first check whether a company entry for this business partner may already exist in the partner administration. If this is the case, you only need to add the role 'Vendor' to the existing data record. The number range is determined internally and can be easily set up and managed via the counter. However, the number ranges of customers and vendors must not be identical and must not overlap. Fields marked with "italics" represent data directly from the company. If something is changed in one of these fields, the change is applied to all roles and the company itself. All this data can also be maintained directly in the company input window. In the Article tab, all articles are displayed that have once passed through this supplier. Description of the columns in the list: The first column shows the article in the line. This is followed by the order number of this part from the selected supplier. Price: This is the price negotiated in a supply agreement with this supplier, which has become or will become valid from the date below. This price is only displayed in green for actual supply agreements , for movements that have been made via a supplier with whom no supply agreement has been made, this priceis grey. The price is also greyed out if the supplier does not have their own price on their supplier agreement (price type: no value). In this case, the currently valid price is taken from the order item master record. Movements in the list are displayed completely in grey/black and are therefore immediately distinguishable from delivery agreements! Last price: Here the last price of the ordered article with date at this supplier is indicated. Display mode The display mode at the bottom of the window is a filter for whether only supplier agreements or all movement data should be displayed in the list. Movement data is saved for each supplier who has supplied this part once. Via the order mask, this movement can be converted into a supplier agreement at the touch of a button. This is the description of the functionality of the module "supplier" with the name "Supplier modules" regarding List window: This window is used to list the suppliers. This is the description of the functionality of the module "supplier" with the name "Supplier modules" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a supplier. This is the description of the functionality of the module "supplier" with the name "Supplier modules" regarding Change supplier settings with Wizzard: Using this wizard, settings can be set for a group of selected suppliers in one. The checkboxes in front of the groups "Supplier type", "Purchasing area" and "Financial account" can be used to hide or show the data fields. Hidden data fields are changed in the parts by the wizard. By hiding, you have the option of not changing certain groups. This is the description of the functionality of the module "supplier" with the name "Supplier modules" regarding Option window: All settings for the search can be made here. The window can only be closed with the "OK" button.