This is the description of the module "tapi" with the name "TAPI Interface": The TAPI interface of the CyberEnterprise business OS provides access to TAPI-enabled communication devices, e.g. telephones or ISDN cards. Thus, it is possible to make phone calls directly from CyberEnterprise (with ISDN cards together with a sound card). The module itself offers all telephone functions: You can dial via the dialling field or the keypad, the call is then initiated by pressing the corresponding buttons. Calls can be put on hold and the acceptance of incoming calls can be activated. In this case the module is automatically activated and comes to the foreground. If a phone number is transmitted, it is searched for in the CyberEnterprise business OS and - if found - the corresponding contact is displayed. In addition, the telephone module can be called directly from any telephone number anywhere in the CyberEnterprise business OS. In this case, the transmitted telephone number is taken over directly and the corresponding contact is displayed. Starting from a contact displayed in the telephone module, a transaction document with the type "telephone call" and the contact as recipient can then be created directly to archive the business communication. This is the description of the functionality of the module "tapi" with the name "TAPI Interface" regarding Establishment: Setting up a workstation with telephone functionality depends heavily on the hardware used. A sound card and headset, alternatively loudspeakers and a table microphone are required. In order to optimise the voice quality, the volume of the microphone and incoming calls as well as the sensitivity of the microphone must be adjusted with the Windows volume control (or corresponding software from the sound card manufacturer). When doing so, the microphone should not be placed too loudly on your own headphones/speakers, as this can cause a reverberation effect. A little sensitivity and possibly some tuning work is necessary here. The Windows volume control can be found in the system tray or in the Start menu under Programs > Accessories > Entertainment Media. The menu item Volume control properties can be used to switch between the settings for playback and recording. This is the description of the functionality of the module "tapi" with the name "TAPI Interface" regarding Main window: The main window offers all telephone functionality and is therefore the starting point for any telephone communication from ClassiX®. All functions are accessible via the menu and the toolbar. In the upper part of the window, the current connection and its status is displayed. Below that, the dialling field and the three most important functions again as buttons for direct access. In the lower area, a list is displayed in which the contacts found for an incoming call or the contact for the transmitted phone number in the case of a direct call from a phone number are shown. This is the description of the functionality of the module "tapi" with the name "TAPI Interface" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a TAPI device. Several devices can be connected to one computer, for example, an ISDN card and a telephone. This dialogue offers the user the possibility to select the device to be used.