This is the description of the module "testattr" with the name "Testing Attributes": You can test any formulas or conditional tables. Objects of the classes CX_FORMULA and CX_CONDITIONED_BAG can use the function GetInputVarNames() to determine the variables on which their calculated value depends. In case of a formula in the formula (or a condition table: CX_CONDITIONED_BAG) this function calls itself recursively. The module Test formula constructs an input window with this information, with which formulas/condition tables can be tested. The variables are not known a priori - and this also applies to their type, which determines which window object is suitable as input field. InstantView® provides an object Auto, which transforms itself with each FillWindow instruction into a surface object matching the data type. With statement Rename the binding of a window object to the data of a business object can be redefined. The Show and Hide statements ensure that only the used window objects are visible and that widgets that are not required are hidden. Finally, the GetPosition/Move pair moves the result line to the position below the last input field. Here an instance of the class CX_CONTAINER is used as an object for the input data - an object whose only function is to hold dynamic data fields. In a real application the formula gains its meaning in the context of the current processing step. This context is created programmatically by registering all objects containing values for the formula calculation/table evaluation in the PlugSpace (with the statement of the same name). In this simple example only the object CX_CONTAINER is placed in the PlugSpace. This is the description of the functionality of the module "testattr" with the name "Testing Attributes" regarding Functionality: There are two versions of the test window, but they hardly differ:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "testattr" with the name "Testing Attributes" regarding Input window: You must enter the attribute or attributes and then press the Calculate/Test button. If the units are not compatible or there is an error in the formula, an error message will be displayed.