This is the description of the functionality of the module "txnuse" with the name "Use of tasks and task folders" regarding Introduction: With the activity documents and the activity folders, ClassiX® provides a powerful instrument for the management, control and archiving of business communication. However, in order to be able to use these means in a meaningful way, some prerequisites are required. These will be explained in this document. In addition, the exact workflows for recording the transactions are described, including examples. In addition, there are some tips on how to handle the documents and folders. But one thing in advance: without consistent use, the best capture and visualisation tools make no sense. This is the description of the functionality of the module "txnuse" with the name "Use of tasks and task folders" regarding Transaction documents: An activity document always represents an activity. These can be divided into 4 types: In terms of functionality, all types offer the same, this classification is only for a better overview and for some automatic functions. For example, for letters and faxes, the corresponding templates are always loaded. A transaction document is now used to record all information about a transaction. In addition to standards such as date, subject, completed, etc., various fields are available. In addition, any number of recipients can be specified and in which transaction folders the document should be saved. To further increase flexibility, ClassiX® allows to attach any external files to a transaction. This way, almost everything can be recorded specific to the transaction. In order to also record a sequence of transactions in the overall context, follow-on documents can be created. In this way, the entire correspondence on a topic can be recorded chronologically. Most importantly, however, it is not only possible to record events from the past, but also to create a corresponding document at the same time as a letter is created. To keep the effort as low as possible, you can write and print your letter directly from the document. In addition, ClassiX® is also able to dynamically insert already existing data. This is the description of the functionality of the module "txnuse" with the name "Use of tasks and task folders" regarding Example: Creating a letter: The first step is to create a new letter process. Together with the editing mask for the document, Microsoft Word is also started and the preset document template is loaded. Here you can now write the actual text of the letter. To return to ClassiX®, Word can simply be closed. Now the additional data for the document are entered (subject, recipient, ). ClassiX® will then automatically add these data to the Word document. Now the letter just needs to be printed with ClassiX® print function. The most important thing is to use the transaction documents consistently. Only in this way is it possible to create a complete and well-organised archive of business correspondence over time. If letters, e-mails, etc. are always created together with a transaction document from ClassiX®, the additional work is limited. However, once some e-mails have been created, for example, it is quite a lot of work to record and integrate them afterwards.