This is the description of the module "user" with the name "User": This app is used to maintain the users who are allowed to use your ClassiX® applications. In addition to a user's login information, such as ID and password, access rights can also be defined here.As a rule, it is the "own" employees of the clients defined in the system who are users. Being a user therefore means that a person - in addition to his or her role as an employee - has the additional role of user. The registration of a user is therefore in the true sense the registration of a user role.This also makes it possible to assign user roles to contact persons of other companies. Unlike employees, contact persons of other companies do not have an employee role as an employee of a "system client", but a contact person role as an employee of another company. This means that these persons can also be given another role as a user of their system. (e.g. their tax advisors or auditors - but also temporary agency workers - who continue to be and remain the contact person of the external company).If such "external" users also carry out activities in which, for example, documents are created with input/output of contact data, it makes sense to store this contact data (e-mail, telephone extension number) - purely in the role as user - directly at the user role. Otherwise, there is a risk that the system will take over the contact data of the "foreign" contact person role when printing a document or sending an e-mail.Even if, for example, the employees in the sales department are only to be contacted via a collective e-mail (e.g. sales@myCompany.com), this collective e-mail can be stored for each of these users in their user role. In the employee role itself, the actual contact data for internal company traffic can then remain unchanged and unmistakable.In addition to the user role-specific contact data, a user can also be assigned his or her own first place of work.In addition to user roles that can be assigned to a natural person, one occasionally needs user roles that cannot be permanently assigned to a specific person. This is the case, for example, if the system is to be used by "third parties", e.g. for anonymous use via an interface (API). For such cases, user roles can also be assigned to companies (legal persons). Whether the assignment is made to one's own company (e.g. for night runs) or to a third-party company (e.g. the operator of the online shop that transmits data) is not relevant here.In principle, it is also possible to create user roles without any assignment to a natural or legal person. However, the change history of data then also has gaps. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding Input window: This window is for user maintenance. You can select a user by entering the required abbreviation in the User ID field and confirming with RETURN. If you want to open the list window, you can select the menu item "Search". The login name (user ID) and password must be entered. Furthermore, the personnel number and also a time limit for the validity of the login can be added. In the lower area of the window, it is also possible to define restricted access rights. If you have just created your login here when using the system for the first time, please log in to the system again. Since a real person should be assigned to the login if possible, it is recommended to first create the personal data in the ClassiX® partner administration. You can also do this later. In general, however, you should keep in mind that 'user' is only the role of one person, and one person may have several roles. If you first create the person and then assign one or more roles to this person, you can avoid double entries and you will always have your data well structured. However, system users do not have to be created as persons at the same time!. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding List window: Used to list the users. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding Selection window: This window is used to select a user. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding User settings: This window allows the user logged in to ClassiX® to set his own settings. This window differs from the editing window in which the administrator can set the user settings. In contrast to the editing window, administrative settings, such as access rights, cannot be changed via this window. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding Set password: This window allows you to give a password directly to a user. This password can be entered as a temporary or a final password. If a temporary password is assigned, the user must change it to a final password immediately after login. Field Description User: New password Enter the new password. Repeat : Enter the new password again to check that both entries are the same. Set as temporary password This is useful, for example, if a user cannot request a password for himself by e-mail. The administrator can then do this for the user, but the user must change the password immediately after the first login. This is the description of the functionality of the module "user" with the name "User" regarding Single sign-on: Single sign-on (SSO) defines a functionality that is intended to simplify the handling of the large number of logins of the Windows applications used by reducing them to a single login routine. As a Windows logon has always been carried out at the start time of ClassiX®, the ClassiX® single sign-on functionality refers to this. To activate SSO in ClassiX®, the corresponding Windows Security Identifier ( SID ) must be entered in the Windows SID field in the user administration. If, when ClassiX® is started, exactly 1 of the Windows SIDs stored there matches the Windows SID of the Windows user, the login is automatically carried out with the values of the user found. The SSO functionality applies to the User + Login and Client + User + Login variants. When "Re-Login" to ClassiX®, the SSO functionality is bypassed.