This is the description of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management": This app is used to control data relating to materials management in general. For this purpose, there are inspection runs that are intended to help maintain or achieve a clean and consistent data stock. Various inspection runs from the entire system are compiled in this app. Next to the execution button on the screen, there is a short description of the inspection run.There are local inspection runs that are executed in the inspection results window and inspection runs that call up other apps and are started or evaluated there.To get a better overview, the inspection window is divided into different sub-windows. The sub-windows are then also divided into sub-groups with more precise specification of the topic. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding Selection window: The various inspection runs can be called up from this window. Some test runs offer the possibility to limit the search results to "only bearing parts". The following description can be used as a definition for "bearing part": Test searches for all attributes that have slots corresponding to other attributes. The window is closed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding See: Validity The window is closed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding First of all, it must be checked whether the month-end closing for parts in certain months was not carried out, or whether the final value is no longer correct due to postings that were only made after the month-end closing.: Instructions on how to adjust the differences between the warehouse statistics and the storage location accounts. The very first thing to do is to start a test run that finds interrupted closing chains or closed months where a booking was still made after closing. {img fileId="523"} To do this, open the new cockpit and start this run Interrupted chain:. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding A result window appears:: Correct data for selected entries Entry per part included indicating from when month-end closings must be redone to date. The window is closed. In this result window you can now see all the months that were still changed after completion. In the second notebook tab, there is now only one entry per part with the indication from when the month-end closings have to be redone until today. This list should now be sorted by month. Then open the warehouse statistics and set the date as shown in the column for the part and up to the last closed period. Now mark all parts in the result list that have to be newly completed as of January and simply drag and drop them into the warehouse statistics. All months in this period are displayed (for all warehouses where this part was moved in this period). Now in the warehouse statistics via the menu "Closings->Repeat monthly closing" to repeat the monthly closing. The list is empty after closing. It can be rebuilt via the button "Execute statistics" (not necessary, only if the result is to be checked). Proceed in the same way with all parts in the list. Then the other three runs can be started one after the other and corrected if necessary. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding The window is closed.: Storage bin accounts without inventory Search window in which a date can be entered and warehouses selected. The system then searches either for all selected warehouses or, if none was selected, for all warehouses for which no inventory has been posted since the date entered. The evaluation can also be carried out via the business year. In this case, it is checked for all parts of the selected warehouses whether a stocktaking was posted in the selected business year. Parts that did not have any stock movements in the selected business year are ignored. The entries found are displayed in the lower list. From this list, the entries found can be dragged directly into an inventory using Drag&Drop. Remove selected entries from list All storage bin part accounts found. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding The search is executed and the results are returned to the calling window.: Number of parts lists. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding The window is closed.: Number of routings The window is closed. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding Spare parts, price history for prices as value of quantity exported to file.: Sales item tests Search for parts with different characteristics in relation to its sales part. Remove selected entries from list. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding Part root Testutlities Module: Module name. This is the description of the functionality of the module "utilitem" with the name "Inspection - Materials Management" regarding utilitem.mod: Classes.